Can you tell me what color this shirt is that I just took a picture of please? Thank you.
What kind of currency is this?
What is this object? Ok, so I recorded a question.
What do I see
What is this exactly?
Can anybody tell me the title of this book please?
Whats the name written on the keys?
What is the picture on this shirt?
What is the brand?
Can you tell me what this is?
Well, I really appreciate the work you do guys. Keep the great work up. And thanks so much for helping to support the blind and visually impaired.
Okay I turned the can a little bit, let's see if we can work with that. See if we can see what kind of sauce it is please, thank you.
Can you please tell me if there is anything on this computer screen.
What football player is this?
What other colors are in the skirt besides black?
What is the model number on this fridge?
What is the name brand on this bottle?
what kind of headphones are in this picture?
What kind of flour is this? Does it say bread flour?
I need to know whether this timer has gone into the negative side of the timing and I missed the actual alarm. Thank you.
What color shirt was that?
tell me about this color
Color of my shirt?
What kind of Keurig cup is this?
what's the name or what is the book title of this booklet and is it a part of this cd?
Does the screen say?
What does this item say on it?
What is the current temperature?
What does nostra mean?
Can you please describe the card and it's orientation?
Whats the name of this CD?
Ok let's try this a second time. Can you tell me what all the buttons on the crockpot? What they are? Left to right and up and down? And also...
What do the big gray clouds look like in the sky?
What does?
Does this say reader's blend or beef dinner?
What soda is this?
What color are the beads?
what kind of soup is this please?
What do you see in the picture?
Can you tell me what this item is please? Thank you
Alright I think I have this massive. Nothing else is open, it's just the page of interest open and it's maximized. So hopefully that will tell realist code I need. Thanks for the help guys.
I need to know if this is benedrill or something else? especially benedrill
Is this air conditioner on air, fan, or dehumidifier?
What DVD is this and is my Iphone camera getting blurry?
What kind of chocolate chips are these?
What is the color of the pillow?
What color is this sheet? Thank you.
What is your name?
Is this candy or chocolate?
What's for how long d I cook this in the microwave?
What is this a packet of please?
What color is this hair tie?
What is the name of this place?
Is this white gold?
Looking for the mode or source input button on this remote. Please describe it in relation to other stuff.
Can you find a key code for office 2010 on this side of the jacket.
What does the label on this cup say?
Question, is there a way you can tell me the title on this CD?
what color is this fabric?
What are these soups from left to right?
What is this product? What's the name of this product?
What is this package and is there any other applications like this out there? Or scanning applications that I can read money or other applications with an IPhone with?
Could you read this? It's a captcha from a website, thanks.
What are we doing here
What does the temperature say? Thank you so much. I really appreciate this.
What flavor of kool aid is this?
What color is this sweatshirt?
What brand is this machine?
what kind of soda is this please you guys are doing a great job.
Are there any lights on in this room?
I found this in the wild. Can I keep it as a pet?
It didn't vibrate. Must have to turn that other vibrate on too. You need what now? You need the almonds unopened?
What kind of coffee. What flavor is this coffee please? Thank you.
Please tell me as much as you can about these jeans.
is it a plain t-shirt?
Could you please tell me what that is? Thank you.
Could you tell are these jeans blue or black.
What color is this and is it light or dark?
What is on this bag?
What is this picture? What is this picture?
what is in this can?
Who's in this photo?
What kind of vitamins are these?
if this green beans or kidney beans?
What color are those shoes?
What product is this? Please and thank you.
What is inside this canned good?
What is this? Whats the name of this product?
Are these chocolate or vanilla cookies?
Do I have to hit anything? Any key combination to make it work?
Can you please tell me what is in this jar?
Hello, what does this can say? I'm trying out this new app. I'm blind. I think it's going to be a great thing for me.
Can you tell me who this is from?
Find out what this is
What is the temperature on this thermostat?
Can you please read the temperature on this thermostat? Thank you.
What type of see saw is this?
What is the figure you see on the shirt
what is this dish
what color are my curtains please
Where is the TV button on this remote?
Sweet Jesus.
Can you tell the instructions now?
what is this camera doing or this screen on this computer what is it saying now we just started it up and its not talking yet
What scent is this?
What can you see in this picture of the beach in Florida?
Michelle is testing to see if you can submit a blank answer.
Color is the bookshelf?
what color is this?
What color is this laptop?
Has she finished her drink?
What does this baby jar say?
What color is this container and is there a design and what type of design is it if there is?
Can you see the result of this test? Is it a smiley or a circle?
Can you tell me information on this label? Thank you
What colors are in this picture?
What's this? Could you tell me.
What kind of soup is this? In a second it will be ready and then I can send it to a variety of place. One is kind of an automatic web thing that tries to figure it out. One is bunch of people. I'm not sure where they are.
The lights in the room turn on or off?
Alright please tell me if you can see a security code in this image? If not I won't use this method again, thank you.
Tell me what color is my pillowcase.
Tell me what is on this shirt
What name is this flower?
What's the name of this audio book?
What is the frequency in this . . . in the display?
I am trying to set the temperature on my thermostat, what isn't
Im looking to identify this tool, i believe it to be a log smithing tool from the early 50's, perhaps earlier, and it was made in New york
What is the verification text in the box. The captcha. Thank you.
tell me what this shirt has on it.
What does this screen say? Thank you.
What is the name of this bottle
How big is ZWY?
Is my shirt dirty and what color is it?
What color is the sweatshirt?
What size is this sweater?
Can you tell me if this is an acid fertilizer, or one for roses. Thank you.
What kind of bar is this?
I need to know who makes the inter lattice so I can find out the
Where I am?
Is that?
What sort of chocolates are these?
What's the color of this frock
A medication of what type?  That is my question.
Where is the location of the number key?
What letters. What letters do I type in to win the prize?
what does this piece of paper say
What is the message on this card?
Question number four: Can you see any information on this label regarding care instructions or how to fluff this mattress pad.
Can you please tell me what this is? Thank you.
What is the ISBN number for this book.
where am i?
What kind of dinner is this?
What does it say on this (inaudible)?
Can you tell me what medication this is? Thank you.
Will you please tell me what the status of the printer is, please? On this display. Thank you.
Is it vox?
What is this, what is the liquid in the cup?
What brand of moist wipes are these?
What's this microwave say?
Which is selected?
What's in this can? Thank you.
What color are these speakers?
It is asking me if I want to restore my computer, is it yes that its highlighted or is no highlighted?
Set of guitar strings acoustic or electric. Thank you.
Can you please read me the directions on this box of McCormick's chili seasoning?
What color is this dog? It's a Yorkie.
What type of printer is it?
How much property do I have?
What color is this little dish?
What kind of soup is this?  Thank you.
What kind of lantern is this?
What is on this jumper?
What's the date of this paper?
What color are these pens?
What color is my desk?
what does the computer screen say?
What is the card that I have in my hand?
I choose a this.
What is the tracking number?
what color is my pants
Can you describe this label to me?
What was this?
Can you see what that bottle of pills is?
When does this item expire?
What does this microwave say?
Which wine is this?
Please read the label. Let me know what the label on this wine bottle is. I need to know the contents.
There are supposed to be two tops in this picture.  Are they the same color?
Is this ground chicken or chicken breast? Thank you.
What's in front of me
What is the oven temperature set at?
who does that look like on my shirt
Oh my God! Maybe because there are letters on it maybe that's green and maybe the back is white then. I don't know. I don't care either, but thank you anyway. I appreciate it.
what is the expiration date
what kind of salad dressing is this
the limits on the outside
Trying this again.
this is the display of a treadmill could you tell me the distance please.
Manufacturer, designer, trim.
Okay, I turned the box over Could you please tell me what it is? It's a kind of pasta, but I don't know what it is. Thank You.
I'll erase this.
Please tell me what page number this is and whether or not the page is right side up or upside down, thank you.
Can you read the text in this picture and type it here? Thanks.
Ok.  Maybe the third time is a charm.  Can you see the label now?  I hope it's black beans.  That's what I want.
What flavor of Newman's coffee is this, please?
Is the bottom part of this right side up now?
Can you tell me what the left side of this booklet says?
What is this bubble?
Can you tell me what the CAPTCHA is?  The number on this screen.
What color are the pair of pants that I'm wearing
Please tell me the title of this book, thank you for your time.
What color is this shirt, and what does it say?
Is it a cellular phone?
what kind of bottle is this?
Does this microwave say now?
What is the color of the curtains?
What kind of dog treats are these?
What brand socks does this say?
Where is the settings icon on my iPhone?
Can you tell what temperature this thermostat is set at?
Which laptop is this?
Please tell me which drink this is.
What is on this page of this Avon book?
what is the
What is the contents of this?  What is the contents of this bottle?
Is this apple or orange?
In this photo here is it showing me or the back facing camera? If its showing the back of the camera you should see a computer of some sort if its showing me you should see a person.
Is that water?
The temperature. What's the temperature?
What is the type of sexy city is this?
Can you tell me what the screen says?
i understand that but does the back of the white truck look dented
Is there some sort of error message on the screen? Thanks!
Could you tell me what color this sofa is?
Record, what is this?
Can you see the label on this meat pack, to let me know if it's hamburger or sausage? Thank you.
What color is this material?
what color is my top?
What microwave dinner is this and how long do I cook it for?
is there any pattern on this coat?
What type of key?
What are the numbers on the display?
On the sheet of paper, thank you.
What are the three buttons above the dial from left to right?
Can you read the words on my TV screen please?
What flavor and brand of k-cup is this please?
What is the expiration date of the egg please?
What is the product contained in the bottle in the picture?
What color is this guy's hair?
What kind of Buddha is this?
Are you going to tell me what the knob is on and if I need to go to the left or right to find the heavy load?
What is shown on this thermostat?
This is Sandy Finley.
Is there a picture forming on this map?
What is in the box?
Thanks a lot, could another web person please look at the color of my shirt, and thank you very much, you can't rely on those color identifiers
Can you tell me the brand and fragrance of this shower gel?
Can tell me what city and year this is?
Is this my tiger?
What color is this ?
Hi could you tell me what you see in the picture?
Is this ibuprofen or tylenol?
Is this pudding or applesauce?
Where to buy this?
Can you read anything on this box
What game is this?
Please could you tell me what this tin is? Thank you.
Hello. Can you please tell me what color this skirt is that I just took a picture of? Thank you.
what kind of shirt do i have and what color is it
What does the bottom say?
Just testing, this is my first time using this.
Whats in this bottle?
What does my TV screen say?
This is a different can lets try this, what kind of soup is this?
What's the computer screen say?
Was that a Diet Pepsi button on this Coke machine?
Can you read what's in this bottle?
Am I facing the camera the right direction?
what is this exactly?
I'd like to settle a little score here. What color is this jacket?
This say? Specifically I'm looking for a table number.
What is this books title?
What is the temperature of the thermastat?
What am i looking at?
Shot from farther away hopefully it'll be easier to read. I have no one that can help me read the information at this time. Can you give me another try and try to figure try to figure out which language and subtitles this is?
Can you tell me what colors these pants are and the stripes that's in the pants?  Thank you.
I moved the camera back, is it tomato sauce?
Can you see what this says?
Are these dark blue jeans?
What vitamin is this?
Is this a receipt? If not, generally what is this piece of paper?
how long do i cook this in the microwave?
Which stock is this please?
What kind of flavored coffee is this?
What time does the watch say?
what beer is this?
What is the picture about?
Whats on my computer screen?
What color is this mat?
What flavor of soda is that please?
What are the words on the building?
Hi, what does this dog look like? Thank you.
What wine am I looking at?
Yes I'd like to know if there is a RX number visible on this bottle and what the number is? Thank you.
What's in this can? Is this a better picture?
What does the label on this package of meat say?
Would you say this is a beautiful bird?
What is in this Progesso whatever? I don't know what's in it.
What is the ISBN for this book?
Can you tell the information on this bottle, please?
What kind of car is that?
Can you please tell me what this is?  And what brand it is?  I would like to order the product and know what to tell them.  Thanks.
Can you tell me the type of food in this packet?
There should be a lit up screen towards the right side of the coffee maker. Can you please tell me what it says? Thank you in advance.
What color strength is this?
Does it have any writing on it?
Chicken or tuna?
What is this bottle? Or in this bottle? Or what is this product, please?
Is this a ten dollar voucher too?
Is this red or white wine please?
What is the name of this body spray? What kind of body spray is this?
Could you please tell me about where this doll is sitting?
Can you tell what is on the screen?
What kind of iPad mini was at the gross speck center?
what's in this...
What color is the dog, and what type of magazine is this?
Could you please tell me if the dial in the picture is set to the normal setting?
What is this color please?
What's in this bottle please?
Does it happen to say if it's homestyle?
These are supposed to be vitamins. What kind of vitamins are they? Hopefully I got the camera right this time.
What is the name of the food?
Let's try it again. Can you tell me what the oven temperature is now? Thanks.
Is the TV off and what is next to it?
Can you tell me what this is please, Thank you.
Is this decaf coffee or regular question mark?
Can you tell what is in that box?
what is on this label?
Alright can you tell me what this is?
Please identify the loaf of bread. Is it white, brown, whole wheat, what is it, and also the brand name if you can please? Thank you.
what drink is this?
Hey, it's Erin. I don't know who's answering questions right now but I'm going t be working on my computer for like, the rest of the night, so if you want to be finished I can't find any body on G-chat so I don't know who's answering. so, Thanks
Is this 7Up?
Can you see the dosage information? Thank you.
Please tell me what this is.
what color are these
the expiration date
What color is my cap?
Hello, what is this?
Try one more time. Can you see what this piece of mail says, and where it's from? Thank you.
What is the temperature displayed on the thermostat?
this keyboard is this xbox
what does my shirt say?
okay, this is a different bracelet. can you please tell me what color this bracelet is? thank you .
What can you read on this box?
What flavor of cream of wheat is this?
He said like, you know, kind of try to avoid the dog, or whatever.
What colors is these beads please?
What is this please?  It seems like mayonnaise or mustard or something . Can you tell me what this is please?
Could you please tell me what is on the screen?
What does this letter say?
what is this sig?
It does not look like right now in the indication, that it will rain.
Can you tell me what's written on this note?
Here's a better picture. We are in Maryland. I'm not sure that it's the lemon tree, though it could be.
Hello, hello, hello. You have to wait.
what did I take a picture of?
Can you tell me what the screen is saying?
Yes, I would like a description of the image of this google street view. Please me as detailed as possible. Thank you.
What is this magazine about?
What book is this? Thank you.
Is this boiling?
Hello there.  I know this is a Dark Shadows box set that I've got in my hand, or part of one anyway, but can anyone tell me how far along this is? For example, is this like DVDs 1...
What are the three capture closed letters that I have to type in?
Is that caffeinated or decaffeinated coffee?
What's in the container?
Which one is the Diet Coke?
Can you tell me what kind of reading card this is? Is it Christmas or sympathy or what kind of card? Thank you.
What is the name of this bag? Thank you.
What does this monitor look like?
Please tell me as much as you can about this t-shirt.
What color is my hair.
Who's this computer made by?
I am playing with this app and I don't know what I am doing, we will see what happens.
Is the finger pointing to black or white wire.
Can you tell me what the tablets are that are photographed? If Ive got the photo correct.
What team is it?
Is this the front of the bottle and can you tell what is in the bottle.
What is on the scanner screen?
Testing, 1, 2, 3.
what color is this one?
Please tell me what this is. Thank you.
What, what is in this can?
What type of vegetable is this?
What can you... can you read what is stamped on the back of this fork?
What is the magnitude of the current through the capacitor?
going on on the computer screen?
What does it say on the envelope?
Does this mail slot have anything written about what kind of letters can go in there?
What brand and flavor of K-Cup is this please? Thank and Merry Christmas.
What kind is it?
Can you tell me what kind of phone this is?
Say what this is?
Can you tell me what this card says?  Does it have a 1-800 number on it?
Which remote control is this?
What color is this garment please
Wall colors and ceiling fan.
What color is this? Thank you.
What is the expiration date of this almond milk?
What color
Where can I get one of these?
Second attempt. Trying to find the model number and serial number for a clothes dryer. Thank you.
Is this Kraft Classic or Kraft Free Catalina?
Is this Cola light?
yes please
What type of cough drops?
What does this frame say?
I'm trying to restart my computer, and my screen reader isn't working and I'm wondering if it's saying to start Windows normally, or repair, or what the options are.
What size and wattage is the color for the bulb?
Talk a little bit louder.  Hey Emma.
what is the two words in the box?
Can you tell what flavor this is, such as lemon?
Please tell me what is this carton?
Can you tell me the cooking instruction?
What does the computer screen read?
What flavor is this soda?
What am I looking at? Does it need batteries?
Can you see if this ground beef or ground sausage on this meat label? Thank you
Where was this made in?
How long do I cook this in the microwave?
..... What is this?
What dinner is this? I already know it's food.
Please describe this.
it's just me, I'm wanting to know if this screen has changed at all. Thanks.
Who is George Washington?
This is plentronics followed by what number.
Is there a product name or code on this tag?
What is this CD?
Please tell if there's one line, two lines, a plus or a minus inside the oval window.
Cam you please tell me what these are? Thank you.
East door opened.
This is a test, this is a test, this is a test, this is a test.
What flavor is the dinner?
What is this vegetable I just pulled off a tree?
What bath gel is this?
What is does the sky look like in this photograph?
Are my shoes on the right way?
what's in this picture thank you
Can you please tell me, can you please tell me the message on screen?
What's the serving size and the calorie count for this product?
what color is this door?
What am I holding in that picture?
Can you tell me what the color
I believe this is an______ .
I would like to know what's on my computer screen. Thank you.
Where is the Milky Way candy bar?
What color is this flip-flop?
What type of iphone case is this?
Is this a ticket for the Sand Dollar?
What brand are these?
What kind of radio is this?
Where is telephone?
What color is this fabric, please?
Can you tell which cellphone model this is please?
What's this color?
Is my light on, question number one, and the other question I have is what time is it in Central Daylight Time?
What are the cooking instructions for the conventional oven?
What is thus?
Do these two packages look like they have the same thing in them?
Do you know what this package is? I'm trying to tell, but I can't tell what it is.
katie ran two miles in twenty minutes how many miles per hour did she run?
What beer is that?
Does this have Jalapenos?
What is this a console for? Can you please tell me the button controls left to right?
What kinda wine is this?
What show is this?
Describe items in picture.
Ok, the last time I said something you said my voice recorder didn't work or wasn't working. So, is it working this time and what is in
Is this a light blue or dark blue phone case?
What color is the cloth?
this piece of paper?
Can you tell me about the logo on my shirt?  I clicked record.  What's the deal?
What is this? What is this?
What are in these?
What object is this? What object is this? What object is this? What object is this? What object is this? What object is this?
What's the message on this card?
What's this? What's in the vegetables?
what brand of baby wipes are in this box
What does the box say in it?
Could you tell me what color this shirt is please?
What is this? What time is in the Eastern Time Zone? Thank you.
What is the mac number for this device?
What does this label say.
Can you please describe this puppy dog?
Hi. Can you tell me what is in my hand? What the tube is in my hand? I just need to know what the product is. Thank you.
What is the directions for Italian cheesy shells, this box I am holding?
What color is the carpet
What is in that picture?
What position on the clock is simmer for this stovetop setting?
Please tell me which cans are what.
What's in this sink? Thank you.
What color is this floor question mark
WHAT FLAVOR SODA IS THIS?
What is on this page in this photo? Thank you.
What does the computer monitor say?
What page number is here? Thank you.
What kind fruit this is
What are these canned products from littlest to smallest and if you can read them tell which way to rotate them if not thank you. This is a great app.
How about the weather?
What is this medication?
Can you tell me what's in this can please?
What card is this, right side up or upside down?
Is this package ground chicken, or chicken breast?
What type of fruit is this? What brand is it and what is the net weight?
What is in this Jar? Thank you.
What color is this slip?
Please tell me what's in this box.
What temperature displayed on this thermostat?
Okay, I moved the camera back and took another picture. Can you tell me what the charger is for? Thank you.
Hey there. Is there anything being displayed on this monitor? Thank you.
What was in this box? thank you.
What do I look like?
What color and pattern are these shorts?
What is the model number, because this page is not accessible with voice over.
What am I looking at? What is it?
Does this look like Excedrin?
What is in this package
Is this a foot?
Is there a done button and a next button?
This is a picture of a bottle of something from philosophy.  We'd like to know what it is.
What kind of ipad is this? And what color is it in?
Please tell me what the screen says. I don't need to know that it's a screen, I don't need to know that it's a laptop, I need to know what is on the screen.
What is the name of this meal?
Can you tell now the model number of this?
What is the name of this body spray?
What color? What color is this table?
Please describe this object.
What color is that and what brand if it says is that?
What color is this image?
Let's try it again. What is this? Thanks so much.
How much of the page is visible, and how skewed is the picture? Thank you.
What is this button?
What is this soda?
I don't know if I did any better but can you see the serial number and model make.
Where can I buy these two lights?
Which dinner is this?
Is this a piano?
Where can I buy it?
Could you tell me what kind of chips these are please
What denomination is this money?
What's the name of this frozen dinner?
How much is that money? How much?
Is this chicken breast, chicken thighs, or chicken legs?
Oh hello there I've got some trousers here I don't know what condition they're in and also what color. Let me know be honest, I'm gonna be buying some more clothes so give me you honest opinion here.
What does it say on screen?
can you tell what this is
what was my first dog called
what is this device?
What flavor yogurt is this?
Which product is in this bottle?
Is this modern?
What is the voltage on this adaptor?
is that about what I need it for, a heavy load?
Could you please tell me if this is Chicken Tikka Masala with rice? Thank you.
Can I have a description of the clouds in this picture, please?
This is the display of a treadmill.  Could you tell me the distance and miles please?
Is there anything on the screen of my iPad?
I look like in this picture.
Does this salad look bad? The bag feels heavy and the lettuce feels a bit soggy. Thanks.
What kind of bottle of liquor is this? Thank you.
What's on tap?
Hello, do these socks match please?
Can you please describe in detail what is happening on the screen or what is on the screen? Thank you.
What was used to make this?
I gather this is a Sony Erickson phone, but could someone be a bit more specific about what phone? Perhaps somebody knows about these thing, cause I don't
It should - is there a label on this back? It should either be black beans or lentils?
What is on the back of this box?
What is the color of this garment and style?
What does this capture say?
What do the instructions say on the package of Tide?
Color are the. What color are the boots?
Please identify this bottle, thank you.
What kind of juice is in this bottle?
what color is this and what design is on it?
What is the oven temperature please?
Yeah just got this app on my phone and I'm blind, and just trying to see what was in this can, if it would show it.
What is the expiration date on this box?
I don't know how I feel about this right now.
please explain what is on this piece of paper
What's on the screen.
Are these pants grey or tan or  black?
Can you tell me what kind of coffee this is? Is it plain? Hazelnut?
What does this cup look like? Thank you.
What does this dialogue box say?
What kind of bread crumbs are these?
What is on my hand?
What color do you see on this wall?
What kind of glasses is Robert Downy Jr wearing?
Which one is the almond butter?
Please read me the error message on the screen.
What is the name of this product? Is it the Akai Deep penetrating max.
What size is the product and does it zip?
This is a display of a treadmill. Can you tell me the distance in miles, please?
What note is it?
Why is the traffic on the 405 though? We missed that one. Is there a portion of this closed? Right or something like that?
What's in this product and what weight is it, please?
From left to right... what flavors are these kinds of soup?  Thank you.
My computer is not talking. Can you tell what the screen says?
Where's the shirt?
What do we use this for?
What is on that bookcase?
is this cellular?
To left to right what is these buttons labeled?
What frequency is in this radio?  What is the frequency displayed on the screen if you can see it?
Hi, can you please tell me what's in this package?
So much.
Can you read me the instructions?
Record. What is this?
I'm looking for the expiration date on this milk. I moved the camera so tell me if this image is better.
What brand of macaroni and cheese is this?
What is the dial set at?
What is your miss park?
What do you see in this photo?
Okay I need to know what this is and I definitely know it's not chicken fillets.
Can you read instructions please?
what colors are in this jacket, are they darker or lighter?
Can you tell me what this package is please? Thank you.
Could you please tell me what color this shirt is and describe it.
Is there text on this side of the blister pack and what do I if there is text there.
What is in the contents of this tube?
Could you tell me the name of this CD or DVD?
Tell me what color is my tank top.
What type of Kashi TV dinner is this?
Could this be a dishwasher?
What is this? Shut up.
The brand name is Encore, but I would like to know what kind of spice it is.
Please read numbers and letters on this display.
What brand of pizza is this?
above my finger i think there is two flat buttons can you tell me what they say form top to bottom the larger one is on the bottom and the smaller one i think is on the op
How long do I let these cook for in the microwave?
What is on television?
it is box?
What brand fudge marshmallows are these?
What dollar amount is this?
Whats the date on here?
Isn't this picture blah?
Title of this book, please? Thank you.
What color are these three ties?
What flavors are these energy bars?
What is written in handwriting on the card?
What kind of canned good is this
What flavor of pudding is this? Is it cook and serve or is it instant? The last person just told me it was a box. I know it's a box.
Is he in this photo?
What company charger is this?
can you send me the directions to cook McCormick chilli sauce?
What result does this pregnancy test show?
what number is this please?
What kind of wine is this and is it white or red?
What is this? It's from Schwans.
Tell me what you can see in this picture.
What's this, what's this mark up?
This symbol on this shirt.
WHAT COLOR IS THIS PLEASE?  THANK YOU.
What are the flavors of buttons starting at the top?
Where in the world did my cord go for my radio transmitter?
What is this? I can take a picture of something and then it will tell me what it is.  And then I ask and I'll send it and just a second.
What's in this envelope, please? Thank you.
What are my stats?
What's in this can, please?
Guess what this is?
What type of animal is that? I know it's blue, but what type of animal?
Identify this bottle. Shampoo or body lotion.
What type of deodorant is this?
Is there something on my way? Is there something that is obstructing the walk on my way?
Hi, what kind of drink do I have in my right hand?
What this color?
what color is this haircut?
What color is this shirt
Is the red knob on the right or the left? Is the red knob on the right or left?
Could you please tell me what color this shirt is? Thank you.
What type of item is this?
Is this a calculator?
I've got two kinds of cheese, American and Cheddar. Which one is this?
can you read what's on the screen?
What temperature's displayed on this thermostat? Thank you.
What color are these shoes?
Hello, tell me please, what color is this t-shirt?
What is this map?
What is this vegetable?
Can you tell how tall the waves are?
Could you please tell me whats in this bottle?
How do I prepare this?
I was actually talking to somebody. My other phone died. Can you actually tell me if you can see the whole laptop screen and where exactly, exactly where it's at for setup?
What is this bat?
Hello. Could you please tell me what kind of lunch meat this is? Thank you. The problem is waiting for this to stop. It doesn't
Can you tell me what's on this CD label?
What's the value of this?
What product is this please?
Yes, I need a description of this image, which is a Google street view. Thank you. Please be as detailed as possible. Thank you.
Hi I was wondering if you could please tell me the name the brand of the coffee maker; Hopefully I took a good picture of it. I was just wondering the brand of the coffee maker.
We're trying this again.  Hopefully, someone can read the model number off of this label.  Appreciate it.  Thank you.
What is on TV?
Next picture, we're trying again. What's in this package?
I just found this picture. i need to know what the painting is of, and if I have it right-side up, or rightside-down.
Hi I'm trying to solve this captcha, can you tell me what it says on the screen in the captcha thank you.
What flavor wine is this?
Can you tell me what product this is?
What is this DVD?
Were you thinking about this one?
what flavor of coffee is this?
Can you tell them to scan? Thank you.
Does this contain regular or diet soda?
What number is the needle point to?
CAN YOU SEE ANYTHING ON THE LCD SCREEN OF THIS DESK TELEPHONE?
Which key labels are these?
What are these two bottles and which one is on the left?
Is this monitor on or off?
What is this a receipt from?
I'm trying this again. This is another spice I found, I can't recognize. What's the name of it? Thanks.
Is this air conditioner on fan, air, or dehumidifier?
What flavor this is.
Is there any chicken noodle soup in this cabinet?
What text is on the pack?
what is the scientific name of this leaf?
Please tell me the flavor of this soup.
What kind of soup it this?
what kind of tea is this?
Please let me know the letter on the tent.
Hi could you give me an overall description of this jacket and the color please?  And what kind of clothes would it go with, would it go with a pair of jeans would this go with
what chips are these
Now what's the name of this book
What does the cord look like?
Can you tell me whats in this can please?
What do you see in the picture on the screen from the netbook? and um...
What colors the lid on the bottle, I don't see the lid.
Tell me what the charcoals look like. Are they ready to cook yet?
What is the label on this bottle, please?
What kind of candle is this?
This is some product. What is it and are there any instructions showing? If there's not what should I do? Thank you.
The instantaneous voltage across a 27mh inductor is E=5800 sine.
What Clorox is my shirt?
Do you see any cans of chicken noodle soup on this cabinet?
What brand and variety is this BBQ sauce?
Does it tell what is in this can of food?
Does it say on this too?
Is there anything on this tin that could help me identify the name of it, the brand or anything?
Is this soap anti-bacterial?
What kind of filter is this ?
Please tell me what title is on this book?
What's the library card number?
Is there a number here?
What color is this dress I'm wearing? Thank you.
Hi, can you tell me the color of this top, and the detail of the logo if you are able to see it? Thank you.
What is in this jug?
What is the name of this movie?
Is, is this shampoo?
Can you tell me what it says on the screen?
Is this enough V8 juice?
Can you please tell me what the oven temperature is set to?
Can you tell what frequency this is on the display?
please what is this store? thank you
Tell me what the label says on this bottle. Thank you.
Can you tell what color my hair is this time in this picture?
Is there a phone number? and if so, what is the phone number?
Is there a past case?
What website is this?
What kind of candy bar is this?
what kind of freeze is that?
What color is the battery charging light?
What newspaper is this?
Okay, this speaker I just sent a picture of, there's print on it, I can tell. Does it say anything about what brand it is, or anything at all?
What kind of chips are these
Hi there. What can you see in this photograph? Thank you.
How many clips are on the cardboard?
what is the sodium content?
... color is this shirt. What color is this shirt?
Hi, can you tell me what this captcha says on the screen? I just tried one and I think it timed out, sorry about that, thank you.
Is the package yellow or pink?
Could you describe me the photo please?
What size micro SD card is this please? Thank you. Have a nice day.
Hi, can you tell me what this jar is of, please?
What's the name of this menu?
What type of meal is this?
Tell me what this doll looks like.
What is this CD called?
Hi can you tell me what kind of tea this is? Thank you.
Can someone tell me what this can is please?
Could you tell me who this to and from please?
Is the medicine supposed to be taken every 24 or every 12 hours?
Is this card right side up or upside down? Thank you
What box is that?
Can you please tell me the percentage or progress of the Windows 7 installation?
Specifically what card is this and is this rightside up or rightside down? Thank you.
What is my leg made out of?
How many ounces are in this bag?
Is there sunscreen in this chapstick?
What kind of snack is this?
Cold medicine is this?
what does this capture say?
What card is this?
What is the photo about?
How does this picture look?
What flavor is this rice a roni?
Please identify the soda in this picture.
What does this look like and what color is it
Is this chicken or cream of celery?
What is the title of this DVD?
What is the pattern on this place mat?
This medication.
What is this thank you
Is this a real display?
So, I'm going to do the blind thing and just ask. Is there something I should know about this shirt as it pertains to wearing it in general. Like, does it look weird or anything like that?
Please tell me what is on the screen.
what kind of popsicle is this?
Does the pant and this shirt match and can it be worn together?
Is there any tomatoes in the burger?
there text on this paper?
What flavor is that?
can you tell if this is for cats or dogs?
What does this mean?
Is this a can of cork?
Could you describe this t-shirt please the cloth and what the pattern or picture is on the back? Thank you.
Do these go together?
What color is this hair clip?
Alright, expiration date on this other carton of milk please?
Can you see what's on this box now?
Could you please tell me what is on this shirt?
how many nachos over to the left and or right is the setting bulky?
Need a handle
what kinda soda is this?
What kind of document is this?
Description this box? thanks.
What is on, what type of bottle is this?
What are the instructions for making this bouillon
Ok guys, I know that this is a knob.  What setting could this be on?  I'm looking for heavy.
What scentsy bar is this?
End of sandstorm is this?
Okay, can you please tell me what that says? I think the calories and the fiber or if there's directions there, I don't know if there are but would you mind reading them?
What's the emblem on the shirt?
What page number is on this page?
Could you tell me the daily saturated fat value of this food is?
Does this test show one or two pink lines?
Whats in this can please?
Can you tell me the name of the audio CD.
What record album is this?
What Scentsy bar is this?
Can you please describe to me what this picture looks like?
What is the logo on this shirt?
What color earrings and sweater should I wear with this dress?
What's the five digit number on top left corner?
What size are these jeans?
What is this cleaning product?
The candle?
Do I need new toilet paper?
I think this is a shepherds pie, and I need instructions on how to do it in a conventional oven. The number of degrees, the number of minutes, and whether I need to tear off or puncture the lid.
Which one is the blue one?
Is this ham or turkey?
Can you tell what size these jeans are? Thank you.
Can you read this tag on my computer?
Is there a red light?
what's the good in the picture?
Please tell me what's on the screen? Thank you.
What is good?
what can you see in the picture what can you see in the picture
This is product.
What color are the eyes on the necklace thing on the cat?
What kind of butter is this?
If the left hand knob of this oven is a clock face, what time is bake a?  In other words at what time do I have to turn it to bake?
What color is
I want to know what's in here?
Draw on this piece of paper.
Can I get a brief description for this cell phone case?
Is this an office?
What brand is this DVD writer? Does it say it on the box?
Looks like it's got me loading.
Can you tell what the name of this DVD is?
What noise is this?
Are you able to read my fortune?
What are the numbers on this product key?
is it not?
I can't make a question in Spanish.
Is this pepper mill red or black? Thank you.
What kind of wine do I have here?
What is in this bottle of soda?  Is it Coke or Pepsi?
What tv show is this?
What is in this package of meat?
So is just a black screen or is the TV on?
Excuse me. Tell me what you can see here in this picture.
Okay, I moved the camera a little to the right. Hopefully that will get whatever the code is I need and I am looking forward to the answer. Thanks a bunch.
Do I match?
How much time is on the display?
Is this text inverted and what page number is this? Thank you
Record. Yeah, sure.
Can you tell me what flavor this box of coffee is please?
What is this and is it like a microwave dinner that you're supposed to microwave? Okay, thank you.
I'm looking for the image capture on this page. I just need to know what it is so I can type it into the edit box, thanks.
I'm wondering what can this product this product this can product is?
What is the last name of this person on this business card?
What food is in the package? Thank you.
When did this expire?
What is in this bottle?
The instructions for this cream, thank you.
What is the verification image?
What color is this shirt that my hand was on and did it appear to have any stains?
What is in this package? Do I have enough light for you to see it?
Can you tell me what this button is? That my finger is pointing to.
I got a little thingy. Little pot kind of thing. With something in there. And I don't know what it is. Can you read the label?
Which ones dinner is this?
What is written on this box?
What are the . . .  What are the letters and words?
What does it say on this T-shirt?
What does the writing say on this piece of paper?  Thank you.
What flavor lara bar is this?
What type of skin lesion is this?
Can you help me find the sodium content in this can, please?
What is the name of this brand?
Hi, could you tell me what color these shoes are, please?
Is is a box? Is it a box?
What is the answer?
Can you see this?
Hi is there a Speedo logo on the side of the swimming hat?
What kind of toothpaste is this?
I am looking for a set of keys that should be on the table. Can you just help me to find it?
What does this box say on top?
Do fingertips look - Do fingertips look blue?
When. When does this expire?
What color is the tablecloth?
Is the door open?
What does this picture show as being the temperature?
I'm trying to find out what's in this bottle.
What flavor is this soup?
What is your favorite scary movie?
What kind of pills are they?
What color is this handbag?
what did i take a picture of?
How much sodium is in this package?
This is a screen capture invention, I'd  just like to know what the letters in the image are; thank you.
Tell me what the computer screen says.
Is there coffee in there? No, is there caffeine in there?
What color is the car across the street?
What is on this?
What picture did I take? And of what?
Does the sky look like in this picture?
What are the directions for this?
What's in this scent?
What is in this package? And, if you can see a brand name could you please say what that brand name is.  Thank you.
Is this shirt green of blue?
Does the screen say anything?
What cent piece is this?
watch this.
What type of ........ is this?
Is this on FAN or AIR or DEHUMIDIFIER?
What's ... in this label?
what is this a picture of?
Could you please tell me the title of this book? Thank you.
What kind of top is this?
What color is the shirt that I'm holding?
Can you tell me what's on the screen please?
Please tell me the expiration date on this box?  If you can't see it, please tell me how to move the camera.  Thank you.
Does practice make perfect? We'll try this later again.
I need to know what model this modem is, and if you can tell, which lights are on near the bottom?
This is a display of a treadmill could you tell me the distance please?
Is this a lemon or a lime?
Can you tell me is this is a baseball card and can I get the team name and person's name on the card plus year and date.  Thank you.
Can you say the name of this product?
is this a can of canola cooking spray?
Can you please tell me the cooking instructions for this dish?
Do you know this logo?
i changed the lighting is there a visible model number anywhere on the face of this device?
Test test.
What is the cereal?
What is this? What color of fish, please. Thank you.
Is this sock dirty?
What's the name of that, please?
is this stone ipa or is this stone smoked porter?
Please, can you tell me what this item is?
What is on this shirt and what color is it, can you tell me?
Which flavor are these bars?
coffee mate is this?
Hey Christine do you see a hearing aid mode around this area?
Can you please tell me what this letter says?  Thank you.
What sort of question should I ask?
What is this a picture?
Can you tell me the name of this wine or some of the information on the label?
can you please tell me what this flavor is?
Can you say what is in this packet?
What about now, does it load now?
What's the expiration on this mayonnaise please?
Can you see if there are roots growing?
What is this frozen dinner and what is the instructions for conventional oven temperature and number of minutes? Thank you very much.
What is on this screen displayed?
What is in this can please?
How many fingers am i holding up?
video in this.
Some cereals are?
One weak image on the screen.
What is the captcha show?
Any writing on this package?
What three letters do I type in to win the prize?
Can you see in this cabinet?
Which one is the volume?
Is it tuna with sweet corn or tune without sweet corn
What color are these trousers please?
Who is the actor or what film is it?
What's in this packet please?
whats the title of this cd?
Is there? Can you tell me whereabouts the envelope is on this phone please?
What kind of medication is this?
What do you call a person who makes the judicial decision about a prize winning candy?
Can you tell the color of the eye shadow please?
Is this skein of yarn have rainbow colors in it?
What brand of omelettes are these?
How many colored connectors are on the back of that device?
What is in this can, please?
What do you use? This will be too.
what is this say
What type of label is this and what's on the front of these papadoms.
Yes, I just need to know what the two words in this captcha image are?
I am at the dorm.
Is this cream of chicken? Or is this cream of celery soup?
I was wondering how ominous the sky is looking here at the northwest.
Can you tell me if this is an apple or strawberry shampoo please? Thank you.
What color is this purse?
Is this a cup?
What is this flavor of soda?
Did I take a picture of a nightstand?
What time does the clock say?
Could you please read this?
What is my desktop showing?
What cleaning product is it, and what do you use it on?
I know this is a can of food. Could you please tell me what's in it?
What color is this duvet?
What is this label say on it?
What is this jar, please?
What is this and the color?
What's in that jar?
Is this milk chocolate or white chocolate?
Can you tell me what this little sticker says, everything on it. Thank you.
What color is the ceiling and how high do you think it is?
Ok.  This is a picture with a different angle.  Do you see another an id number now with the RT systems software?
Trying a different one. What is the expiration date on this?
This magazine.
Which CD is this?
Could you tell me what my serial number is from my Microsoft Word Office disk, please?
What is this leaf from?
What is this stand and what color is it?
Hello, can you see anything written on the computer screen please? Thank you very much.
Who is this famous person?
Please read the name of the person written in either print or shorthand on this envelope?
How much percent alcohol is this?
I would like to know which make, model, and year of car this emblem's off of?
What make and model is that earpiece?
What can you see on the image?
What is the nutritional information on this packet?
Can you see the use by date on this fish?
Can you tell what this one is?
Please could you tell me what's in the packet?
what does this miscon said?
WHAT CAN, ER, WHAT'S IN THIS CAN?
Alright what is the expiration on this carton of milk?
What is the three-digit code?
Is on this shirt.
OK, we're trying it again while Howie drinks her water.  I love you and I appreciate you helping me with this.
What does this item include and make?
Can you please read out what is on this little screen? I think is says something on one line.
Please give me a full description of this book. The colors, the text on it and all that stuff please.
O.K. I wish there was a better way to do this, but if you can see it now what are the instructions or even the brand name of the lasagna?
Okay, I'll ask someone who can help my in my own language because English is not my first language so it's kind of hard for me to understand what you're trying to say but thank you for the help anyway.
Read all instruction on the books.
what bill is this?
what is this? please tell me.
What player is this?
What kind of cheese is in this?
What is this? Now what happens is they have, two possible.  There's a QR engine with a computer that reads
What is this book?
what type of gatorade is this please?
Can you possibly tell me what flavor this is? Thank you.
Tell me what you see in front of you please.
There is a picture of a body shop scrub in the picture. Can you tell me what flavor is it?
Still looking for which one of these is shampoo please.  Thank you.
What is this label say? I'm looking for some ear drops. Thank you.
What flavor is this bag of noodles?
Hey sorry this must be frustrating but what's in this box or bottle, sorry?
What kinda chips are these?
No. What plan is this?  No, this is
Can you tell me what this information says if possible, please?
What is written on this tube?
What flock is this please?
What color is the necklace?
What flavor and make of coffee is this, please?
What can I do here?
Could you tell me the sodium content of this pot pie? Thank you.
What is my computer asking me to do?
What is this weird thing?
I am wondering what is happening with my computer?
What colour are the markings on this cat?
can you tell me what this product is please?
What is the picture on this box? I already know the title of the book. What is the picture?
Is my - is my light on?
Can you read what is on the screen?
what kind of soda is this?
Excuse this.
what product is this?
Is my fan on?
what are the instructions on this bottle
I can't.
Can you tell me what this paper is?
Can you see what it says on the screen?
What is this? What item is this?
I'm trying to return to what that tub is, thank you.
what color is that pillow
What key is this?
Okay, I held the camera further away. I think it should be black. Could you tell me if it's black or blue, please? Thank you.
what type of glass is this
Specials on this menu.
Alright I'll try again. Can you tell me what this is please? What kind of Rice-a-Roni this is? Thank you.
Is a pretty sight?
Could you please tell me what color these pants are?  Thank you.
I need to determine the words in this captcha image. Thank you.
Can you see what's in this pill bottle?
What is the title of this book
What's in the picture?
What is this shirt?
Can you tell me what
Sorry for the glare in the last one. Can you please read me the captcha on this screen. Should be a few letters. Thanks so much.
Are there any coat in this picture? What is it?
What color is this shirt in front of me?
What time is it?  I need to know now.  I need to know now.  What time is it?
Record. Is this a diet coke? Record. Record. Record a question, record a question, record.
I know but what color?
Can you tell me what this accent is please?
Read this paper, please.
Okay, I put some more light on, maybe that will help. Can you tell me what kind of hand creme is in this tube please? Thank you.
What color is the dresser?
Can you tell me what kind of car this is?
What is this soup?
Hoping that it got this so it shows what the label says if it's Excedrin.
Please can you tell me what flavor these biscuits are?
What numbers are marked on this ticket?
what is this season?
What color is the shirt and how many buttons does it have?
Where can I find such a phone?
where is the white line here
What is it? What color is it? Hold on, it's on an app dad. I'm not actually talking..
What is the code?
Is this laptop?
Hello. Would you please so kind to tell me whats on that photo?
Does does this sign say?
What is this? It's Italian. Read as you can.
Okay, how does this picture look?
What is the brand of this?
Is this a, is this a book?
Color is this t-shirt?
What color is this dress? We'll see. Is there a way to check that? It keeps asking me. I think I screwed something up when I put skype on. I
What are the colors on this garment?
Is this a quarter?
What frozen dinner is this?
Is the light on or off in the room?
What flavor are these chips?
What brand of matches are these?
What is the net weight of this package?
Which buttons are the volume?
Tell me about this.
How many numbers are there?
Can you tell me what this screen says? Thank you.
what is this product? what is this product?
Is door?
What are the flavors from left to right?
Yes, I need to determine what the label on this bottle is, thank you.
What do you see please?
Yeah, I need to determine whats the two words, the two words in this captcha image. Thank you.
how to program this microwave.
What color is this bedsheet?
What kind of sweetener is this?
Is this Bibsy?
Is that, please?
time is it?
Which box is this?
Is the name of this item showing and what is it?
Is this chocolate or vanilla pudding? Thank you.
What's the name of this package?
What is this product and how do you use it?
Kind of cereal?
What is the number and the chute?
What letters do I type in to win?
What color is that bedspread?
Can you tell me what's in this can please and what brand it is if possible?
Now does it say anything?
Does is say whether its apple or lemon on this edge? If someone is out there, a web worker, please let me know, at least, if you're trying.
Are there big leaves on this plant?
What is the shape of the speaker?
Does the color of this pom pom go with the color of this hat?
Could you please tell me what is in this package?
Is this fabric that I just took a picture of black or navy blue? Thank you.
Can anybody tell what is in the picture I took?
What's outside the window? Thank you.
What is the name of this food?
Color are the walls?
Can you tell me what the scale says, please?
Does this contain chemicals?
Can you please tell me what is on this magazine? Or what kind of magazine it is? Thank you.
It this photo, which is number one, soy cocoa or normal cocoa? excuse me. Soy cocoa or normal soy?
I think I got the answer to somebody else s question, I'm not sure. Could you please tell me what color this shirt is? Thank You
Hi there, I was wondering what was in this can?  Thank you.  I was wondering if it's beer or a or a can of soda.  Thank you.
What do i have?
Can anyone tell me what is this?
is it?
What inner is this?
Was the light on on these headphones?
How's that, any better?
What's the label on this jar?
I would like to know what type of bottle this is? What's in here? Thank you.
Is this coffee mug from?
What type of seed am I holding in my hand?
What keys?
What is this from? Or, who is this from?
Can you tell me who this is, and the baseball card and name of the person?
What does this cup look like?
Hey there, what's in this bottle?
Where do I buy this
Which one is the round port? There are four ports, and I'd like to know which position. I'm guessing it's one from the left or one from the right but I have no idea. Thank you.
Hey there can you please tell me what flavor this is? Thank you.
In the game.
What is on the cover of this book?
Whose letter is this from?
This is a pocket, can you tell me what is says, please?
What does it say on this piece of paper?
Hi, can you tell me what type of chicken this is?
The title of this audiobook
Does this look clean? Thank you.
which pot pie is this?
What does the label say?
Can you identify this captcha?
Is it possible for you to tell which pain reliever this is? It should either be naproxen or acetaminophen.
Which is the olive oil?
What kind of dog is that?
If up is north, where is 400 degrees on the knob?
Is there shower gel or body lotion?
What does the picture say?
What kind of clock is this?
What kind of perfume is this?
Can you tell me the color please?
What does the box say on it?
What kind of mobile phone is this?
Doesn't it say what the color the shoe polishes, like neutral, black? Doesn't it say the color, if it's neutral, black or brown or whatever on the cover?
Hello there. What does that CD say?
What is int his bottle?
Take out the hand, what does it say?
Good job guys.  Can you tell me what kind of soda can this is?  I'd appreciate it.  Thank you.
Will you please tell me what this is?
What did I take a picture of this time?
This is my bird clock. What time is it?
What is the temperature set to?
Which way do I turn the button for high?
Can you tell me if this is corn, please? Thank you.
what color is my mug?
What does the coupon say?
Are you able to read any of these instructions?
Yes, this is a picture of an HP laptop, keyboard, HP frogro, I need to locate the card reader on this unit. I need to know if it's to, I understand it's to the right of the key.
What color is this sandal?
What kind of Panasonic phone is this, what model?
Go to free app.
is this lawrys salt
What scent?
Why is the bar code on this box?
What is this cake mix?
WHat is the expiration date?
What is in the tube?  Is there a label on the tube?
Does this contain sugar?
I just got this Apple my phone and I'm blind and just trying to see what was in this can if it would show it.
What is that bottle?
I know there are product cans here in the picture that's holding the card down so that it stays open. Can you tell me what the card says inside, what the print message is? I know it's a Christmas card.
What flavor please?
Does she look like?
What button is this flavor for?
Who the fuck is that?
What brand of perfume is this?
Please tell me whats on my screen, thank you, thank you, thank you I have no speech, bless you all for doing this. Oh No!
Is my tv on, and how big is it?
How does the desk look?
What is this box? I know it's pudding but what kind? Thank you.
Can you tell what size this shirt is?
i know these are cigarettes but what kind of cigarettes are they
What denomination is this?
What color is this sleeping bag?
What spice is this?
Can you read to me what is the item in this package?
Whats in this card and is it right side up or upside down? thank you.
Hello. Could you please tell me if this is decaffeinated coffee?
How do you make this?
What is on this side of the bottle?
what is this? Thank you.
I need to get the serial number for this product off the sticker in the picture. If it doesn't work what do I need to do to bring the picture more into focus?
Flavor of these
Can you please tell me not to compare skin cells? Thank you very much.
What is showing on the menu. What is selected on the TV menu?
Yes is the picture of a coffeemaker. I just need to determined which one of those buttons is the on off switch. Thank you.
What is the title of this book?  Thank you.
what is this, please?
Can you tell what this is? If it's a gift card, does it have a dollar amount or where it's to?
What is this statue of?
Whats the measurements?
Can you tell me what flavor this Gevalia coffee is?  WHat's the color of it.  If the camera is too close let me know.
what's the number?
This is a display for a treadmill. Could you tell me the distance please?
What is the name of this plant?
Can you tell me the order of these?  Like shampoo, conditioner.
Surface look clean? Thank you.
What does it show on the screen?
Here is another picture. Positive or negative?
What's in the tin?
Does it the bag?
What kind of can is this? Thank you
Find the value of x.
Read the name this box.
How much syrup are you supposed to put in a glass of milk?
Is there any information on this card?
What are the oven instructions for baking this lasagna?
What is this
Do you think this outfit would be good for when I go to the court?
what is this? what it is this?
What's a type of setting on the thermostat.
When does this hummus expire?
what's in the tin?
describe it for me
Can you please tell me what this can says so I can figure out what's in it?
what's on the screen
From left to right, what is in each of the three bottles?
Is my phone on?
What is this? Thank you for your help.
What's on this label? Thank you.
What does it say on here?
Does this pregnancy test show positive two lines or negative one line?
Tell me about color this piece.
What is the serving size and how many calories are in this?
What is the vitamin type, brand and dosage?
How is this bottle labeled?
What's the needle pointing at?
What is the name of this game
What flavor is this dinner?
Whats written on this bottle?
What is the number on the meter?
Is this lotion, shampoo, or conditioner?
What is this picture I took?
What are the words in red?
What brand is this vacuum?
What is the potato?
What is this brand name?
Which movie is this, please?
What is, what pills are in this bottle?
Describe this big chart behind in my finger.
Could you please tell me which soup this is?
please tell me what card this is thank you.
What is in my hand?
What kind of coffee?
What is the denomination of this coin?
what's on the cover of this book?
Can you tell me what is on this box and read the preparation instructions.
Can you describe the cap i'm wearing? is there any writing on the cap?
This is a test to see how well this works and if it's something that I can use. So I'm asking, what is this top box?
What kind of remote controller is this?
Hi. I would like to know what the picture is. I think its a box of something.Thanks.
What does this read?
Hello there.  I'm trying to sell some CDs which need to be scanned in using a barcode. Now I want to tell me if there's a barcode on the CD that I've just scanned in and whereabouts it is. Because I can't for the life of me get the software to scan it.
What's on the bottle?
Can you tell me what temperature this thermometer is set on?
Can you read everything on my TV screen?
What is on this box? Thank you.
Are there people in here?
Is their text on this computer screen?
Please read this one?
Can you describe this?
What is on the backs?
What does the screen say and do I need better lighting for the camera?
What radio frequency is my radio tuned to?
okay sorry i hope this gets through what kind of taquitos are these?
What dinner is this?
What picture is on this T-shirt?
the settings on my crock pot and which one is currently selected. Thanks.
what company is this my hotspot from?
what color is this shirt
What does the truck look like?
what is the temperature showing on the control
Can you please tell me if this is a ham breakfast bowl?
what kind of medicine is this?
By looking at a picture and someone else on the internet is looking at it too. And your job is to guess the label of the picture that the other person is guessing. And if you agree...
What is lollygagging? What is lollygagging? What is lollygagging?
Can you tell me what this sign says, if possible?
What kind of plant is in that pot?
Is this one body soap or shampoo?
What's in the bag?  Thank you.
Can you please to describe to me in detail what this picture looks like? Thank you.
How much are the french fries?
This piece of mail for and where is it from?
What is this cord?
How much money do i have in my hand?
What is this candle?
When's the expiration date on this turkey?
What microwave dish is this?
What kind of pop is this?
What is,what is color for this laptop?
Is there any place around to sit?
it look like in this picture?
In this box.
See the expiration date on this carton of milk, or if I need to rotate it. Thank you.
Can you read any of these numbers to me?
Are the instructions on this box?
What is the color of this blouse?
Where is?
Are either one of these evaporated milk?
Can you please describe this card? And is it right side up or right side down? Thank you.
How much
Is the roux in my pot dark or light? Is it lighter or darker than the spatula?
guy look like in this picture?
How do you find a five?  (A-5?)
What is the color of this thing?
What movie is this?
Which one is the red, please?
What's this item?
What type of pills are these?
You read the directions on the box.
What's the name of this candy?
I want to know the name of the cologne that's on the photograph.
Is my dog a nutcase? Because she's being very silly.
What type of juice is this?
Oh grandma wants you to come see her. Ok. She wants to give you a board.
What scent is this Scentsy bar?
Whats is this picture, please?
What color cup is this?
Is there a message on the screen?
What's in this jug?
what am I looking at?
What kind city this is?
What color is this bath robe?
What kind of pot is this?
What is this bottle of pills?
Hi. What kind of tea is this? Thank you.
Is the wall blue?
Does this show a picture on the box?
Can you tell me what the twelve or thirteen digit is number on the back of my card?  It should start with two or four
How many keys are on this key ring?
Can you see any print on this bag and if you do can you tell me what it is please?
What is this product.
Please tell me what kind of wine this is. Is it red or white? And the name.
Can you read what this says to me on the package? Thanks.
Is this Coke or Pepsi?
What color is this shirt, and do there appear to be stains on it?
What kind of ice cream is this?
What is this that i am pointing at?
What are the oven instructions for baking this lasagna
What does this CAPTCHA say?
what is the area massage say?
I believe you said 375 for 20-25 minutes. What to see if we can confirm that, and also should you remove the plastic top, punch holes in it or do anything before putting it into...
What type of, brand of fish is this?
Hi, this is a shower curtain, and it's a Coke shower curtain, and I was curious of what the design looked like, if you could describe it for me. Thank you.
I need to know what can this is so what is in this can?
How can I use this product?
What does the woman in this picture look like and what does she wear?
What's the name on the container?
Hello web workers just like to check the picture on this car, please?
What color is the bed color?
What does this represent?
Can you please tell me what this is a box of? Thank you.
What's on my screen and what's highlighted?  For example, I'm hoping it will say which operating system do you want to run and one of them will be highlighted.  Which one is highlighted?
What type of condom is this?
Hi. What type of soft drink is in the can in my right hand? Thank you.
What are the cooking instructions - microwave?
Right in front of the camera.
Do we know the name of this flower please? Thank you.
What brand of monitor is this?
How much money is there here please?
What, what is this can?
What colors are in the patter on this dress?
What does the writing on this say?
Is this a gift card for?
Can you read this?
What's behind the door?
What's in this pill bottle?
What product is this and what ingredients do I need/
What the heck is growing on the side of my house?
Can you tell me the calorie information as well as the fiber, please?
What T-shirt is this?
What is it? What is that?
please me what the cap chess says? thank you
Can you please describe this card to me its for orientation thank you.
Are you able to tell me the color of this tee shirt and if you can read what the logo says on the front, please?
Can you please tell me the expiration date on this carton of milk, if you can see it?
What does the the CAPTCHA say?
Can you see how many refills I have left?
Describe all the picture in this link.
What is this and does it have a flavor?
What scent is this soap?
Can you please tell me what that packet is?
What's the design in this weather?
what is this box?
What are the cooking directions on this product?
whats the general topic of this book? thank you
Please tell me what is this, I sent you a image, please tell me about this, what is this?
What make and model is this computer?
Is there sunblock in this chapstick?
Can you determine what kind of cereal this is?
Is it hot, warm or cold?
Does it look like it's boiling now?
Can you tell me which bill this? I think it is a 50 but it could be a 20 too. Or a 10.
is my smartphone broken?
What is this package, thank you
What type of money is this?
What product is this and manufacturer? Thank you.
It vibrated does that mean it worked?
Hi. Can you tell me what the name of this book is please? Thank you.
It is broke.
Can you describe the layout of this panel?
Can you please tell me what the screen says?
Can you tell me the sodium content of this can of food?
Is this? What is this?
can i get the name of the team please for rickey henderson thank you.
What is written on the t-shirt please?
What flavor of jello is this?
Could you describe what this washing machine is set on?
What's a hutch?
Are there any ingredients in this bottle of body spray?
what does this look like?
what kind of tablet is this thank you
i was wondering if you could please decode this image for me, it's a captcha. thanks in advance.
What's in this image?
Do you like this?
Please tell me what these suspenders look like.
What color is my wall?
what brand water is this?
I know but if i put money on the ___can you read money?
Who is this package for? Thank you.
What's in this bucket?
This is only a test. It's my first time using this program and I'm curious to know how well it works.  Sorry to inconvenience you.  I'll never send one of these again.  Thanks.
What words are in the image?
Can you see the writing on this bottle and if so what does it say?
What color are these two connectors?
Can you read the writing on this box please?
What are the buttons?
What is on the back of this Muesli?
What is the expiration date on this can?
What's wrote on my computer screen?
I don't know what this is a picture of.
Are you able to see what my computer screen says? If so what does it say?
Where is the start button?
how to use this water
can you tell me what maybe it is please? thank you
What does the ?? look like?
What colors is my sock?
What is this, please?
Is it possible to read the information on this card?
what kind of plant is this?
Is there shower gel or shampoo in this bottle please?
Trying to see if this is pork cops
Is this shampoo or hand lotion? Thanks.
What is this candy bar?
Can you tell me what this emblem is or what logo it is?
Can you see the brand name?
Can you read what the screen says? I think my computer is dead.
What do you see in the photo?
What color was that shirt?
Can you read the image in this captcha for the security code please?
What product is this? What is this?
What's this book title?
Please describe this gift card
Is that an orange?
Hi, which red box is a jam box speaker and I've got the underside facing up.  I'm wondering if you can read the serial number.  I think there are three or four lines of print.
What is the captcha image?
What kind of Oreos are these?
What color are these panties?
Is the color white or off-white?
What kind of product is this? What kind of simmer sauce is this?
Can  you tell me everything you see in this photo?
Can you tell me what the computer screen is saying? Windows is not booting.
The button on the right has three positions. The middle is off. One side is AC, one side is heater. Which one is which?
What is this that I am looking at?
is there anything written here?
What does the T-shirt say?
IS this sudoma or sunrise brand.
what is this tv dinner? what flavor is it?
Is there anything on this side?
Are the lights on or off I can't tell?
What brand is this chicken?
What is my computer doing?
I wonder if you can tell me what the, what the buttons are on this crock pot from left to right and what the display says, if possible? Thank you.
Does this look clean?  Thank you.
is this a black or a red pen?
what type of cookies are these
What is this shape?
Does it say anything on this side of the note?
is this cup full?
I'm really not good at this but is this my melatonin bottle or is this my vicodin bottle?
What are the instructions for the cream?
This picture
What color is my t-shirt?
Is this Breeder's Blend or beef dinner? Thanks!
what is this in front of me?
What's the color of the dog?
I'm trying again, I moved the camera. Can you tell me who this piece of mail is from? Thank you.
What does this say? Any part of it.
Hello there. What is happening on this computer screen, please? Thank you.
What is this saying?
Can you please tell me what this page number is, thank you.
Please tell me what's on the computer screen.
What is the oven control temperature?
What can you tell me about this box?
What is against the wall next to the door?
Hi, is this document right side up? That's what I need to know, thanks.
What sort of chocolate is this?
So far you people have been idiots and haven't been helpful.  Hopefully you can help me with this.
what kind of crackers are these?
This tv screen
What is this brand of headphones they have hear? I saw the logo, the fine print but I can't read it.
Thank you. And what kind of is this, please?
What temperature is this dial set to?
Could you please tell me what it is and what color is it?
What type of tree is this?
What flavor chips are these, please?
Where is this a ticket for?
what color is this pair of pants?
Is there a newspaper on the table?
Is this laundry detergent or fabric softener?
I'm not for sure which one it is.
Is this on air, fan, or dehumidifier?
What is the table number on this banquette ticket?
Is this temperature dial set to 325? Which way do I have to turn it to make it 325 if it's not set to that already?
what do you mean its not playing
What does it say on this computer monitor?
What's the amount of this currency please?
What is the table number on the banquet ticket?
Can you see what country this coffee is from? Thank you.
What flavor rice a roni is this? Sorry to ask again. The app crashed.
Is this to a husband or wife?
What else is in this dinner besides breaded chicken?
My question is how the heck?
Which scanner is this?
What is the name of this book?  Is this a part of the Rihanna CD?
Please keep reading.
Is this lawry salt?
What model is this?
Which temperature?
What's the title of this book?  Thank you.
what what color is this purse
Any information in this cup?
What can of vegetables or fruit is this?  Thank you.
What kind of vehicle is this I am in?
Can you please tell what is contained in this box? Which type of bar are they? Thank You.
Is there a mouse in this pantry?
How many tablets in this box?
Can you read the five empty jacks from left to right, is it possible?
What color is the shirt?
What color is this ring?
Is this person a boy or a girl?
what's this? what's this?
What is the name of this CD?
What does the gift code on this card say?
what does this screen say?
Can you tell me what's on this can for what type of food it is?
What color is the paint on this wall?
Are these cards face up and if so what are they, left to right?
This is mail what does it say?
What kind of microphone is this ?
Wanted to see if you could read the label on this bottle of wine, just information about the vineyard and any facts. Thanks. Oh, if you want me to rotate the camera, let me know.
What kind of pen is this?
What are the letters I need to win?
What pills are these?
Is it sunny outside? Is it sunny outside?
What kind of bread is this?
What kind of can good is this?
Can I wear these two pieces together?  Do they match?
WHAT COLOR IS THIS SHIRT?
I want to know the cooking instructions for this item.
How fast is my up and download?
I forgot to ask whether I have to punch holes in the top or I have to tear the top on this frozen dinner for conventional instructions. Thanks.
What poster is this?
How long do i cook this for and whats the temperature i need to heat it at?
whats this?
What make and flavor of coffee is this, please?
What colors are in this jacket? Is it summer or winter?
Hi, what is this?
What kind of bathing suit is this, please?
Computer screen showing?
Which gift certificate and gift card is this for?
What this photo?
Okay, what is that?
What color is the blanket in the picture?
What greeting is displayed on the meter?
What is this item, please?
how much do i weigh?
Is this acceptable to wear in public?
What kind of monitor is this?
Is the picture on this stocking?
Title of book?
What am I wearing?
Do these black pants appear to have blood stains on them?
what make is this?
What is a product?
How many boxes and cars are there on my shelf?
What tongue is this?
I sent you an image, please tell what is this and tell me about how can I use it.
CAN YOU SEE THE EXPIRATION DATE ON THIS CARTON OF MILK OR IF I NEED TO ROTATE IT, THANK YOU?
Hello, I've never used this app before and I'm just testing. What can you see, please? Thank you.
Please tell me what's on the screen.
What does this sign say under the number?
what are the characters in this captcha image
What kind of fudge is this?
Is there any food on the floor?
How long is this DVD on loan for?
What tin of food is this please?
Can you tell me what this is a tin of?
Please identify the package.
Good morning, what scene of tide is this
What's the temperature show on this thermostat?
Alright, try to read this dialogue box and tell me how to get through it and what it says please.
What kind of ointment is in this tube? Is there a name for it?
What's in this bottle? I know it's baby-ganic something, but I don't know which cleaner it is?
Which ... is this and which company makes it?
Hi can you tell me what the characters in this Captcha are? Thanks.
What logo is on this t-shirt?
What does the t-shirt say?
What do you see.
What is this lapel pin?
What's on this T.V. screen?
hello can you please tell me what a caN of beans is thank you
What color is this woman's top?
This camp.
what flavor of dog food is this please?
could you tell me what temperature set on fine
What color polish is this in?  evenant.
What shirt is this?
What's outside the window?
Who painted this painting?
What is written on this piece of paper?
Are the directions showing now?
What flavor of Kool-Aid is this?
Is my TV on?  And how big is my TV?
What is the name of this item?
Thank you for telling me what this is if you can.
What's in this sin?
Please tell me what's in this box
What does this tag say?
What is in this can? Also, what is in this box?
What is the color of this shirt, question mark?
What is the image in this picture?
I think this bandana is green, but I'm not sure.  Can someone please tell me?
could you give me the name and possible the brand of lavender bath soap this is
This please.
Is it tv?
Is this pink, or red?
What's the brand of this shampoo? Thank you.
Can you read to me the instruments on the shampoo bottle?
What's the picture of the can that I just took? Is it chili or what?
What car is this?
What are the baking directions?
to another room, can you read what's on the cake cup now?
Okay my question is what size if it's visible is this shoe that I'm holding? It's either nine and a half or ten.
Kind of coffeemate is this?
What does this logo go to?
what color is this yarn?
What color is this shirt and button?
Is this right side up or upside down?
What are the characters in this captcha image?
..is this?
Do you think my wife's decorating is any good or should I kick her out?
Hi, can you tell me what kind of medicine this is? I'm looking for Advil or Tylenol or something along those lines. Thank you.
What color are these sheets?
What color are these?
Who is this mail for?
What options are listed on this ATM in order from upper left, lower left, upper right, lower right?
What size balding wattage is this?
Can you please tell me what the dryer's set to, and which way does it turn it to increase the temperature? Thank you very much.
Please tell me what is in each container from left to right.
Will you please read to me whats shown on this display?
Can you hear me better now? I have turned up the volume.
Ok, ummm I need to do a full system recovery on my laptop and I got a guided prompt screen. It is asking me to do a number of different things and to be three different screens. I just need to tell you to tell me...
Record a question saying what is this item? And then
There should be a skin of a document on the screen. Can you please tell me if that's true or not? Thank you very much
Could you read me the card please? Thank you
What does this cup say?
what color are these canisters?
I'm wondering what the varieties of these soups are from left to right.
What colors are the smarties?
Creamy or chunky?
What is this show?
What color, what color are these shoes?
What does this say on the green lighted area?
Is the bottle visible?
What page number is visible?  Thank you.
Can you tell me what lights are on on the modem please?
Can you read the screen to me?
what soda is this?
Pattern and color of this dress shirt, please.
Could you tell me what the eye color of this cat is? It's a stray.
What is this and what does it look like?
Is my dick big?
what is the dial set too?
Hey, what color is my bedroom wall?
Please describe the tablecloth.
What kind of dog food is this?
I believe I've got the right side up this time. I need to know what this frozen dinner is, the temperature on a conventional oven, and how many minutes on a conventional oven.
Can you please tell me what it is?
What color are these laces?
Can you tell me what's in this tin please?
What's this CD called?
Are you able to read what this food item is on this box? Thank you.
What does this say on it?
What color are the flowers in the vase?
Participating in the pilot study for clothing.
Let's try this here again. I've done as you've requested and hopefully we can get what's in this tub and I wonder if it will help the IQ engine as well. Thank you for your help.
The pill code for this pill.
Can you tell me if this bag of flour is self-rising
what is the expiration date?
What is in this container, is it half and half?
What color is my t-shirt please?
is this canned chilli
Tell what this is.
What are the cooking instructions for this dish, please?
What types of batteries does this take?
Is there a black dog in this picture?
Why are the buttons on the string and where are they located?
Testing, what is it.
What's this? What's the product?
Is this Life is Beautiful?
What, what is, what is this?
Hi, Can you see what's in the canister please? thanks.
Who's talking on the telly?
Is this an electrical vault?
Is it possible to tell me what the name of this product is and if you can see the fluid ounces on it? Thank you.
Where's my chess piece?
What vegetables are these?
Is it draped?
Hi, do you see a serial number? It should say SN and then WX on this passport. Thank you.
Is there peroxide or something else in this bottle?
Does Buddy's face look cute or not?
Is the picture working on this TV?
this is a test. what is this?
What's on my lap?
What kind of cream is this? What kind of cream is this?
Can you tell me what is in this can, please?
What does that do in a foosball table? Oh, yeah.
Does anyone know what kind of tree this is?
What does it say on the TV?  And how big is the TV?
Can you please tell me if there are any errors on this screen?
What colors that sandal?
What does this do?
What are the cooking directions here?
Can you please identify this bottle? Thank you
What TV set is this?
Is this Pepsi?
Do these pants go with this shirt?
WHAT IS IN THE CAN?
What color this?
What kind of pasta is this?
What is the name of this picture and what is the history?
Yes, I need to determine that word that is in this caption image. Thank you.
how many people on the bridge how many people on the bridge
What tweet is this?
Is this the movie Up?
Is that coconut
whats in this can?
What is in this job please?
What product is this, please?
What's in front of me? It's whizzing around, sorry that didn't work as it did last time. Wanna try that again in a moment. It's whizzing around so it's picked up
Is this monitor turned on? Thank you.
Being blind, would you say that this bird is a beautiful bird or what's your opinion?
Now let's see if they pay attention to the question and not tell me that this is a mixer, but tell me what color the mixer is. Please, thank you?
What is it? No you plug it in. It'll tell you when.
Does that look clean? Thank you.
What is the name of this?
Can you tell me what the name on this tube is?
Is this lasagna or chicken alfredo?
Tell me what it is.
What's the name of this book on tape?
Is one of these buttons labeled booster?
What kind of a cat is this?
What does it say on this computer screen?
Can you please describe this bottle to me?
What do I need to do to complete this, I'm kind of confused. So would you help me be able to answer the question 1, 2, 3, and 4, please?
What flavor cookies are in this bag? or what kind, or brand?
Tell me the tracking number on the notice.  Thank you
Is it a box?
What is the countdown time on this timer?
I'm testing this for a friend of mine and I just want to know how it works. So if you can tell me what's in the picture as an example that would be great. Cheers.
I asked you what color it was, not what it is. Do you even listen? Come on, people.
On this label.
where is the paddle?
Hi what is this cover like does it say anything on it?
Could you tell me what it says on the TV screen? Thank you.
Make sure this is clean, that I got all the dog hair out.
What is this and what is the color?
This is a medication bottle and I'd just like to know if there is a label and dosage information visible. Thank you.
Is it light outside and how many blinds do I have?
Could you tell me the title and if you cannot see it, please tell me what I have to do. Thank you.
What kind of taco is this?
Hello. Just wanted to know if the chinos and the top I am wearing atch? and what colors they are?
What you see?
Can you see this label to tell me what it is on this neat pack? Thank you.
What. What is this?  What is this?
How big is my breast?
What's on the t-shirt?
What is on this photo?
what type of spice is this?
Which kind of herb is it?
are the desktop icons on the computer screen visible?
Okay is this better or is this too close?
What's in the bowl?
What the hell is that?
How many cups are there?
What is this can of.
What's on my screen?
What does my face look like?
What does this can say now?
Could you please tell me if this top or shirt is either black or white? Thank you.
What color is this ball of yarn?
what kind of jam is this?
Who makes these noodles?
What does this list say?
Can you please tell me what's the color?
When does this bus pass expire?
What color is my hand?
Where can I enter my password?
What color is this wall?
What color is this sweater
What is the name of the title of this book?
Are these?
What kind of car is that? What kind of car is that?
Can please describe this card to me, its orientation?
I'm wondering about the main buttons on this microwave. What I need to cook something for a number of minutes.
What is on that can?
Do you see any stains on the front of this shirt?
What is the temperature set at?
Can you describe the color and pattern of this wrapping paper please?
What color are these jeans?
(inaudible) can you see it? If so, then tell me what it is, if not tell me where to move the camera. Thank you.
So um I'm trying to figure what kind of radio this is, so any information so I can get one of my own, that'd be great, thanks.
Can you tell me what this card is?
Are the lights turned on, on the modem? Are the lights turned on, on the modem?
Is this upside down or right side up?
What is the remaining balance of my account?
Can you tell me what the security code is on the screen, please? What it says.
What kind of Chap Stick is this?
This is the display or treadmill. Can you please tell me the distance in miles? Thank you.
What is written on this package?
Could you please tell which flavor this is?
Please explain what is written on the label on my router, thank you.
What coin is this?
Can you tell me what's in the bottle that's pictured? Hopefully I can get the bottle in there.
Yes I need a verbal description of the label on this bottle please, be as specific as possible, thank you.
Please tell me the flavor of this yogurt not the brand which is Chobani.
Is this a twenty dollar note?
What are these two colognes please?
Are these regular potato chips or salt and vinegar chips? Thank you.
What movie does this say?
Can you tell me what is in this packet?
are you able to tell if this is shampoo or conditioner?
Excuse me, tell me what you can see exactly in this picture.
Can you tell what brand of laundry soap this is and what scent it is?
What flavor?
What is this teabag of. I think it's too dark to see, but.
What do the button say on these keys?
What effect of the protein diet was being listed?
What is the color of the sheet?
Can you see it better now?
Can you see if there's a year and date, and the team that Ricky Henderson is on, on the back of this baseball card? Thank you.
Are my clothes dirty?
what temperature is this oven set to
What is the product please and it's ounces?  Thank you very much.
Trying again please what are the color of these clothes? Thank you.
Record. Can you tell me what it says on the bottom of this pane?
What temperature is the oven set at?
Is my PC still doing a disk check?
Can you tell me what color this skirt is please? Thank you.
Who wrote this book?
Could you tell me what brand this is? Thank you.
Can you please describe the scenery?
What is on this sweatshirt and can you hear my question?
Can you tell me what kind of soda this is?
Hi, could you please tell me what flavor these altoids are? Thank you.
Hello, what color is my sofa?
What's in this cream?
What is this dessert?
Yes, I'd just like to know what the CAPTCHA picture is in this picture.
Okay, I've just taken a picture of the upper left corner of the box. So, again, the question is, what are the cooking instructions? Thank you.
What the name of this CD?
do the clouds look like storm clouds?
How do you get delete iOS5 from iPod touch?
What color is this T-Shirt?
What pattern in on this table cloth?
What's the temperature on my thermostat?
Describe the screen.
I need to know if the model number can be seen?
What type of sugar is this?
What is the saying on this?
What flavor cereal is this one?
Okay, what flavor Rice a Roni is this one?
What is written in screen?
What clouds can you see in this picture?
what does this can say?
Just let me know what kind of can of food this is.
Is...what is this?
What is on this necklace?
WHAT COLOR ARE THIS?
Can you tell me what this bottle is please? thank you.
Can you read it now and tell me?
What kind of canvas or.... What kind of ... is this? Thank you for the product.
Can you tell me what is lying on the table?  Am I using the right camera?  Tell me what you see a picture of.
Who is this box of?
What is this hairclip?
Is this my Disney coat?
What temperature is shown on the display?
Can you please tell me the time?
What are the cooking instructions for the meatloaf? Thank you.
What's on this label please?
What is on the back of the door?
What can you see in the painting, please. Thank you.
Is this my blue candle?
Thank you.
What is the lowest number?
What video game is this? And what model is it?
It's it cola?
This is a display of a treadmill, can you tell me the distance and miles please.
what color is this tee shirt? thank you
I would like to know if this picture I am sending you now goes with this shirt that I sent you a few minutes ago..
Do you have any idea what kind of the plant the one in the middle is?
What does the label, what is on the label on this bottle?
can you please tell me what this product is
Can you tell me what kind of K-Cup this is?
Whats displayed on the screen?
Hi, what's the name of this album? Can you give me some information about what it looks like? And don't listen to it, by the way, it's really bad.
Can you see what the brand name is on this, and what is the brand name?
Does this cup look old or in other words, could I give it to guests?
How hot are those cigarettes?
What is this label?
Can you tell me what color this top is please?
Which meal is this?  It's waiting for time to run out?
Can someone tell me what this is a bottle of?
Could you please tell me what this thing is? Thank you.
Hi there, I'm sending this photo along because I want to know what the captcha is.  If you could send that back I'd really appreciate it.  Thank you.
I know this is Amy's pizzas. Is this the back of it to give the instruction for the how to cook it for the oven? thanks.
What type of broth is this?
Do these colors look good together? Thank you.
what is this product ?
This is number five.
Hi. Which colored shirt is this guy in the photo wearing?
What the car?
Is this corn or peas?
New picture, small bottle came with my glucose monitor. Diabetic talking monitor. Does anybody know what it is?
Can you describe that, can you describe that to me?
What night is this
What's the thermostat read?
Has the text on the screen changed?
Okay just say anything
Can you tell me the fiber?
What type of soda is in this bottle?
What is there?
Per the cooking instructions.
Is there a visible model number here?
Tell me what is in this box.
What is a photo?
What color is this dress, please? Thank you.
How hot is it in Tuscon, Arizona?
Can you please describe this card?
Is the laptop screen open?
can you tell me if this says any brand name or anything on it any ingredients basically what does this have on it picture and saying words something like that
What is this and what color is it and what time is it cause I was sleeping and I don't know what time it is
Can you tell me if there is a model on here please? Thank you.
Can you describe what this page looks like? Thank you.
WHat does this windows xp error say?
Say anything
Can you tell me what this is? Do I have the label the right way?
SHOULD I WERE GOLD OR SILVER EARING WITH THIS NECKLESS?
Is this a lot of black in this shirt? Can you hear my question?
What kind of mints are these?
What does the label on this jar say?
What does it read?
what type of jello is this?
What leg is this?
This is a Tony Pacco's chili sauce.  I would like to know if it's the hot or the mild?
participating in the pilot study for clothing
What language and subtitle information is on this DVD?
Is this spelled right?
How far do I have to be away with the camera for this to be clear?
Hi there. What is the contents of this package? Thanks.
What are the cooking instructions for this ham?
Hi can you identify this box please? Thank you.
Can you tell me what this is please? Thank you.
You read the highlighted text.
What is this barcode for?
What is this book about?
How much could I sell the table and chairs for?
Did that picture work?
What kind of flowers are these?
What type of wine is this?
Is this woman confused?
What is this box? thank you.
What kind of
Can you read the title of this book?
Tell me what this is and what it does.
What are the colors in this purse?
What color is my netbook?
Is this Windows installing or is it waiting for me to select something or answer a question?
piece of mail for, and where is it from?
What's on the shelf? Thank you.
Have I installed the paper correctly in this printer?
How number
Are these stuffed cherry peppers or garlic?
Is this disc life is beautiful?
Can you tell me what flavor this is? Is it chocolate, strawberry or something? Thank you.
What is the color of the cat?
Could you tell me what this screen is saying approximately?
I want to know what my screen says.
What is this statue?
What is the color and pattern on this bag? Thank you.
What size is this shirt?
Hi, is it possible to tell the ingredients and the brand? Thanks.
How much is that bill please?
in this box.
Can I get a description of what this christmas tree ornament is please?
Try to identify the container, please.
What options are on my screen?
How about this side? Is this the self-rising flower?
Hopefully this is a better picture. I'd like to know what the bag I am holding is of. Hello?
What is this can?
Can you tell me what this meat is, if it's ground beef or something?
Can you see if this is 32 bit or 64 bit?  Thanks.
Describe the picture in this screen in the.
I know this is Keurig Wolfgang Puck Coffee; is it Caramel Cream, or Breakfast in Bed type? Thank yo-
What is the picture on that CD?
what is this
What kind of spaghetti sauce is in the jar?
Is this a bag of bead that looks so dark blue that they look blackish with gold flecks in them?
Hello, could you please tell me what box of food this is? If the image is too blurry, is there any suggestions as how I can get it better into focus? Thank you.
What is the code on this iTunes gift card?
What kind of CD case is this?
Whats This?
What does the label on this bottle say?
What is the name of this laundry detergent?
Can you tell me if this thermostat is on and what temperature it is?
This is a new thermostat, and no one's around to tell me what the positions of the switch mean. If where it is now is heat or not.
Is that book?  Is that book?
tell me if this is the customer copy of the receipt
Where can I find this app?
I would like to know how many ounces this detergent is and what the brand name is?
Am I pointing to a black or white wire?
WHAT IS THIS? AND PLEASE DISCRIBE THE COLORS.
Have the check disk command completed and were there any messages or errors shown?
Would you please tell me if this is either broccoli or cauliflower?
see in this image?
Hello, I'm Steven. Could you kindly read the label for me please?
Could you help me with the color of the lip gloss please?
What is the brand name of this?
Around the clouds.
Please explain what the label on the router says. Thank you.
Thank you. What I asked was, if, what if the two things went together, but I don't know if you can tell me because I don't know if the picture was correct, but thank
Hi there, can you please tell me the usage instructions on this shampoo bottle please?
How many ounces are in this bottle of alfredo sauce?
What is the model number stamped into this? I'm not able to see it.
Hi, can you please tell me what that packet is?
What color are my shoes?
What is this bottle please?
what kind of
What is that word?
Read this label.
what's this snack?
What flavor is this?
what kind of can is this
What's that object?
When is the expiration date on this soup?
what is the expiring date on this cream?
This dryer is still running.  See if that's better.  Can you tell me what the display says now?
What color is this ear pod case?
Can you tell me what this bottle is?
How does someone become a volunteer for this service? Can I get contact information please?
Can you tell me what I'm holding?
what color is my dog please?
It is white or it is a red wine
Can you see what's in this package?
Can you please read the captcha which is the blurry word or letter at the bottom or middle of the screen?  It's not the web address, I have that, I just need the word or the letters, thank you.
What's the top of this page talking about?
what is the color of this?
What baseball team is this hat?
Can you please tell me if you can see what's on the front of the computer screen here?
recording or not? which key?
Is it possible to name this CD please?
Hows my foot like?
Hello. Can someone please tell me what this is please? Many thanks and any instructions for us on the bottle? Thank you.
Can you tell me what time it is in eastern daylight time?
I'm trying to find out the number of milligrams for this product.
Can you tell me what this says on the tag please?
Hi, please could you tell me in detail the colors of the bear, and the colors of the disabled person's stickers in the bottom? Thanks.
What are the keys in order on the top row, from left to right, on this keyboard?
Can you see what's on this TV?
Can you tell me how many steps I've taken this morning and any other information you might see on here?
What is this and then push so it's in progress, they're gonna tell you what, they'll send you an answer in a few minutes. And see this is the thing
I know this is a potato chip package can you tell me the brand and the kind of potato chips they are like barbecue or sour cream and onion thank you.
Dinner is this.
What day is it?
What color exactly is this? It's Gatorade but what color is it?
I just would like to know which ready meal this is.
Hopefully this is a better picture. Can you read the five jacks from left to right?
Can you please describe this guide to me? And whether or not it's upside down? Thank you.
can you give me the cooking directions for this product, thank you
Ok, this should be a picture of the other left.  I can't see the tap to stop it.  I don't know what I'm doing wrong.
What cookies are these? Okay. Come on.
What is the nutritional value in these crackers?
What is the name of a bird?
What kind of meat is this?
Can you tell me if I won anything on this scratchy, please?
Can you tell me what color the pants are that I'm wearing? They're just below the knee. I can't tell if they're- well I just don't know what color they are.
What is that item?
In this picture, is the singer's mouth wider from top to bottom, or from side to side? Thank you.
Can you tell me what this bag of chips is please?
What is the test?
Please read the knob from left to right. Is it off, high, low or off, low, high for this crockpot?
Hi, what is this can?
What flavor of soda is this can?
Do I have a rash?
What kind of headphones are these?
What is it the King of?
can you tell if the soup?
Oh my insides.
Now record a question. Read the text on the picture. And then double tap.
Tell me what this is please.
What color is this piece of hemp?
Do you see the dragon here?
what flavor soup is this
What is a hundred dollars in pounds?
It takes a little bit, though, you gotta wait a little bit. I think this was the best color idea I found.
What is this meal and what are the cooking instructions?
What car is this please?
Is there a number of wifi password on this router?
What does the text over the OK button say on this screen?
Hi, um, there are three buttons on the top of the other and one should be heat, one should be cool, and one should be off. Can you tell me which one's which? Thank you.
Could you please tell me what the correct item is? I know you guys think it's probably funny to give all sorts of kinds of answers, but it wouldn't be funny if you couldn't see it.
How about now, does the dog look good?
Can you tell me what the conventional oven preheat temperature is and for how many minutes?
Hello there, I was wondering could give me at least some idea of what's on this screen? Thank you.
Can you tell me what's in this picture on my wall?
What is the directions on the back of this box?
What does this box say and look like?
What is this label on the bottle say?
What is this? It's Italian, speak as you can.
what color is the floor?
Hi I turned on a light, can you tell me color color this outfit is I'm wearing? Thank you.
Could you please tell me what color this is? What it is?
Can you tell me what I need to do?
What is this? That sends it off to.
Which medicine is this?
Can you tell me if my screen is on please? Thank you.
What color are, what color is the, yeah?
Which product is this please?
what is this card?
What color are the toenails?
What type of bird is this? And the colors in it please.
What movie is this and is it BLu-Ray?
what model of guitar is it?
What kind of hand soap is this?
What does this booklet say? Is it a part of the CD?
Where is this and what color is it and what time is it?
What kind of carpet is this?
What color of Gatorade is this?
Is this my little?
Yes this is an image from google maps. I need a detailed description of the image. Thank you.
What is the number on this card?
Can you tell me what kind of frozen vegetables these are?
Hello, can you tell me please what is written on that screen? Thank you very much.
Could you please tell me what flavor of tea this is? I know it's a glass jar, and I know it's tea.
What's in this package, and if you could find the brand name, could you include that please? Thanks.
What color are the bracelets?
can you please tell me what kind of tea or coffee this is?
Can you please tell me what this couch looks like, what color?
What is this sears and robuck 5 page fishing rod, what is the value of it?
What product is in this box?
What's in this pen please? Thanks.
What is the brand and type of this supplement?
What are the characters in this Captcha image?
what is this gift card for?
What color is this can?
What's side is this?
What color are those shorts?
What type of crab fish fillets are these? What brand?
Where is the barcode on this tin of tomatoes?
in this box
Okay if this is any better now, which Harry Potter book is this? Or if it's too blurry, how can I make it to where you can read the text?
What color is this shirt, and can you tell me if it's clean or not?
What does my computer screen show?
Can you please tell me what these numbers say? Thank you.
Can you say what's in this packet?
Hi, I was wondering if you could tell me the color of this t-shirt and there's a logo up on the left breast if you're able to see what that says please.
what does this fortune cookie say?
Is there is a phone number on this card and what is it?
One with cream please.
What color are the pants?
Which is the ravioli?
Are there baking instructions visible on this box? If so, what are they?
What does my screen say?
Read the card on the soup.
What's on the Greek salad?
What color is that coat?
i feel bad for bothering you guys with this but i am trying to get this to work usually when I go down on this window start screen it says start windows normally
hi, this is
Is it completely dark at the moment
This is a test of the intelligence engine.
Can you tell if this has one line or two lines?
Is there someone answering questions twenty four hours a day?
Can you tell me the guy's name?
What's the name of this mediation?
I'd like to know where it...where the...what I have to do to shut this computer off.
What is this?  What CD is this?
What is the captcha on this image?
Can you see what's in this packet?
Okay, hopefully that's not too far up in left.
What is the color of this sweater?
Just curious to see whether you could read what was on the computer screen. Just testing this application.
Can you please identify this for me? Thank you.
How many calories in a serving of Cheerios?
What color is my jacket please?
Hi there. Can you please tell me what flavor this is? thank you.
Thanks for telling me what color the iPad case is. I'm afraid I don't know what kind of color fuschia or maroon are. Is it a pinky color or a red color or a greeny color?
Where can i get more of this?
I am told that the flavor of this kool-aid is invisible. I do not understand. How does invisible kool-aid not have a specific flavor?
What flower is it?
Hello who is this?
Can you please describe this card to me? It's orientation? Thank you.
Is my light off? Is the light off?
Can you tell me what is in the box?
what product is this please and thank you.
what kind of toothpaste is this?
What kind of pizza?
What color is my sweater?
The cat is on here.
What kind of food is it?
Can you tell me if these are green beans or corn? And if it's green beans what cut it is if you can tell? Thank you.
Can we still use the product and not be part of the study?
Which of these are my gray pants?
This is the display of a treadmill. Can you tell me the distance in miles please? Thank you.
can you tell me what my weight is please?
It's suppose to say on the back of the card what kind of wand that is. What it's made out of and so forth. I just wanted to know what it was. Thanks.
What make is this computer?
Qu'est que c'est?
Yes, hi, could you tell me what these templates are please?
Can you read what's on my screen please?
What book is this?
What number is this needle pointing to
What is the color of the lid?
OK I tried a different angle is this Peppermill red or black?  Thank you!
Are there microwaveable instructions for this pizza?
I believe towards the bottom there is a security code, can you see it and tell me what the security code is?
what kind of candy is this, please?
What is the logo on this shirt and what does it say?
Is my shirt dirty?
What is in this jar please?
is this strawberry pudding
May I know what is this please?
What product is this please? And thank you.
Which wine is this, and is it red wine?
What's, what's on screen?
Is it a book?
Can you see the brand and/or model of this CD player at this angle?
Could you please identify this bottle for me?
How many numbers are on this picture item?
What kind of laptop is this
It says books.
Do you see a brand name?
What is this thing in my water?
What is the writing on this box?
Which one of these is my sausage?
The flavor of this yogurt.
what is in this picture?
What have I taken a picture of?
What is in this can please? Thanks.
Can you please describe to me what this picture looks like? Thank you.
Where is cafe Nero?
From the power button going left can you tell me what the buttons are?
Hello everybody, and Merry Christmas to all.  I just want you to tell me what the cooking instructions are on this piece of meat.  If there aren't any cooking instructions, could you please give me any idea of to the way.
The color is?
I'd like to know what color the apron is that's hanging on the door and, thank you.
What flavor is this can of soup? Thank you.
what is on that and what color is it whats your favorite baseball team
How do you take care of a bird?
Where is the number one key on this keyboard?
What tube is this?
Can we please describe the design shown?
What is the name of this medicine? Thank You.
The way this guy was described to me was that when you turn it to the right there's a light that goes on in settings you can go normal and heavy duty then permanent press then towels. So I think
What is the captcha code on this image?
How clear is the text on this photo, and how cute is it? Thank you.
What page number is this above? Thank you.
What comment do you see in this picture?
I have four printer cartridges here, on my desk. I hope it's not too cluttered. I need to know what order these cartridges are in, from left to right.
What is in this can of food, or what is in this can?
What brand of shoes are these?
Is this shampoo?
I have another bracelet here on the counter is it gold or silver?
What kind of dog food is this please?
Hello. What DVD is this, please?
What kind of mushrooms are these?
Is it DV?
What is this? It's medication, it's a shiny box.
I want to know if this is Burger King hamburger or McDonald's.
Hi, are you able to describe this trainer to me, please.
What caliber is this bullet?
Could you please tell me how much the scale registers that I weigh please? Thank you in advance.
Is there blood in my stool?
Which one are my gray pants?
What picture is this
Which three bottles are these in order from left to right?
What credit card is this?
I this shirt stained?
What is in this jar according to the label shown?
What's the title of this CD?
Hi there, can you please tell me what flavor this one is? Thank you.
Is this dark or white rice?
What note is it? How many?
Do I have icons on my desktop on the screen?
Can you read the numbers to me.
what flavor soup is this?
what cereal is this?
Can you please tell me what is displayed on the screen?
What spice is that?
I know this is baby ganics.  I asked what kind of baby ganics. Is it floor, bathroom, tile, all purpose?  Thank you.
What model of stereo is this
Food item
Yes, I need to determine the word in this captcha image. Thank you.
What is the name of this ointment?
Can you tell me what kind of chips are in this bag?
What's the weather like outside on this photo?  Thank you
What kind of milk is this please?
Does this foundation powder have any sunscreen?
what color is this pencil?
Hi, I would like to know what is contained in this can?
what's the five digit number on the top left corner
What are the preparation instructions?
What is the oven temperature control setup?
What kind of wine? Thanks.
Will you please describe what's in this box or on this box? Thank you!
I just wanted to know what setting this crockpot is on? Is it on off, keep warm, low or high?
What is the color of this seen?
Good Morning. Could you please tell me what this is?
Hi, what does this fountain look like?
Does this wine have a good rating on wine spectator?
Is this bathroom clean? Thank you.
What is the crock pot setting?
Can you tel what this box says?
that bottle.
Can you tell me what this picture is?
the city
What are the cooking instructions for this packet?
What can you see on this picture
I would like to know what this tea is
What does this arrow say?
Can you tell me what this number is?
This is the display of a treadmill. Can you tell me the distance off the top display please?
Can you tell me what bus stop this is?
Top to bottom, what are these flavors?
I shot this from a bit farther away, is this better?
What kind of K-Cup is this?
What flavor of hamburger helper is this please?
What is the logo on the shirt?
What is this that I'm trying to scan?
Can you tell me what is in this can?
Is this mozzarella or cheddar cheese? Thanks.
Could you tell me what the security code is on the screen please?
Please describe the tablecloth
I'm visually impaired and I want to see if my shirt matches. What color is it?
What's on this sheet of paper, thank you.
What type of milk is this?
Can you tell me what the two words are in the audio visual captcha?
What color are these wires?
Hi, what type of pot pie is in the box in my right hand? Thank you.
Hi, what color are these shoes please? Thank you.
Is this cinnamon juju's or regular juju's?
Is this the front camera I'm using, or the back camera?
So the sky looks like there is a storm coming.
What's on this channel?
How long does it take to cook this pizza?
What kind of toy is this?
Yes this is a picture of a coffee maker I just need to know which button on this coffee maker is the on off switch. Thank you.
What is this box, maybe I don't have the right side up?
I just got this app on my phone and I'm blind and was trying to see what was in this can, if it would show it.
Yes I know it's jewelry but I want to know if you could describe it. Tell me how much it costs and if you see an order number. This is a Avon booklet. Yes I'll
What brand of muffins are these?
What color is this shirt, thank you.
How do you cook the pizza?
I would like to know the expiration date on the yogurt.
Can you tell what's on this box?
Can you tell me if there is anything written showing across the screen please?
What are the characters in this captcha
What is the temperature on the display set to?
what type of package is this please
What is the five digit number displayed?
I know this is Marie Callendar's and I know it's frozen, could you please tell me what kind of dinner this is?
What temperature does this thing read?
Hi. Please could you describe the color of these jeans to me please?
Can you read this to me please?
Here's the other side.
what kind of bags fit?
What kind of tomatoes are these?
Hi, let me know if this is better.
What's written on this phone?
Can you tell what I have oven on
What color is this tablet?
What kind of fudge is thi?
Will there be a worker available on Christmas day?
What card is this, please?
Yes i need to determine the letters in this captcha image
What are the characters in this captcha?
What was the date?
Hi, can you please tell me what is in the can in my right hand?
What color is cup?
can you tell me what the microwave is showing? The time?
I need to know if this washing machine is set on its normal cycle or some other cycle, like permanent press.
Can you tell me what size measuring cup this is?
Yes this is an hp laptop computer, I need to know where the card reader is in relation to the keyboard. Please be as specific as possible. Thank you.
What did I use to take a picture of?
What is the letter on the wall?
Can you please tell me what the two large buttons on the button are, from left to right, thank you.
How many degree of temperature on this remote control?
Can you please tell me what this is and what color it is? Thanks.
what year is this?
What's on this desk?
What flavor are the noodles?
What is this a recipe from?
Please tell me what this photo is?
Does this truck look dented?
Hi, can you tell me what the three buttons on this thermostat are please?
What is the frequency in the display?
What whiskey is this please?
hi, what is this?
Hi can you tell me possibly what the screen says? I am having a problem computer won't boot up. Thank you.
I have turned the box around again. Can you make out an expiration date now? Sorry about this.
Okay, we'll try another side. Can you tell me the conventional oven temperature, number of minutes, and whether to puncture the surface. Thank you very much
What is in the left hand corner of this device?
If you can see the shirt, what color is it?
What is the crockpot nob set to?
Sky look like.
WHAT IS THIS WHERE?
Where is the sky?
I don't know what this is can you help me?
This is a package of something, What is it?
Whats in this can?
What can is this
Please tell me what this says. Please tell me what this says.
Does this onion look ok it's already been cut.
Please describe whats in this picture to me. Thank you.
What things are in this can?
How many pizzas left?
Does this box say what this item is?
What types of cheese are these?
What is on this captcha please?
Please find the number of chairs in the hoarding cup.
How big is my tv?  How big is my tv?
i have a tool bumps on one of the knobs on the stove dont know if you can see it or not but im just wondering if you can tell me whats there labeled as and where they set up for diffrent temputure
What's spice is this?
Describe what you see on the television screen in this photo
What is this, what is this?
Can you tell me what these two items are?
What kind of perfume is this? Does it say the brand?
Please tell me what this identification code is.
Do you have any suggestions of how I can focus the book?
What does this picture on my t-shirt look like?
What color are these rosary beads?
What type of wrapping paper is this?
What does this chair say?
What coffee is this?
Tell me what this photograph is I just took.
What flavor coke does this button belong to?
What are in the containers from left to right? Thank you.
Is that a good photo of the Christmas tree?
Could you please tell me what bakery that is set on?
Yes folks, I am trying to find out the content is of this can.
What name do you see in this video? Thank you.
I wonder what this is.
What are the cooking instructions?
What option is highlighted? Is there a way, does it say how to change options, change what's highlighted? I'm trying to switch to USB, flash drive.
Test again.
When do these expire?
If the chess piece is not in the 664 area that you just described, it wouldn't  actually be on the floor so I took a bigger panoramic view of the table, let's try this.
Can you see the serial number on there?
I have one question. Why are you doing this and how long do you plan to be doing this?
How many calories are in this?
What is the name of this cd?
What is the color of this shirt?
What is this package and what does it contain? Thank you.
what kind of food is this?
What does my display say?
Can you please tell me if this laptop is coming up or if the screen is blank, thank you.
Can you tell me what the LCD display reads now?
Let's try one more time. What color is my pants? Thank you.
What color are the nails on this picture?
What kind of pop can is this?
What does my screen say please.
What bore is this?
What type of chocolate is this?
What kind of rice crispy treat is this?
IS this color black?
What is the directions on this wart remover?
What is this capture?
Is there any writing on this?
Which plug is the Amazon plug?
Is there a picture on this blanket?
What kind of drink is this? Thanks.
What's on the computer screen?
Could you please tell me what this shirt says?
of my driver's license.  Not that I can drive or anything.
Trying again, what kind of soup is this?
Please describe what you can see.  Plants or pictures or colors, anything like that.  Describe the surroundings.  Thank you.
Tell me what color this yarn is please.
How clear is this picture?
Can you tell me what color these beads are?
Is this color light?
I'm trying to find the make of this emblem.  I believe it belongs to an automobile.  I'm trying to figure out also which automobile it belongs to.
What product is this?  Please and thank you.
Hi comma. What is this Olympus recorder? For example DM360 or whatever. Can you see the model number on the bacK? Thank you.
How many lights are on?
What is the model number and make of this oven?
Is it a paper?
Is that a one dollar bill, a five dollar bill, a ten dollar bill, or a twenty dollar bill? Which one is it?
What color is this ink cartridge?
Do you like coffee?
What kind of supplement is this?
What are in these containers? From left to right. Thank you.
What type of CD is this?
Where can I buy this from?
What color of this yogurt is?
Whats the model number?
Can you tell what's in this bottle?
What color is this scarf?
What are the directions for using this cream?
What does this say on this object? What is the writing on the object? Thank you.
Can you please tell me what's on this page, and it's orientation? Thank you.
What is this machine?
Can you please tell me what's in the tin?
Can you tell you know what kind it is?
What is this little can?
What mode is this washing machine set to?
Can you tell me what the code on this itunes gift card is?
What's in the box? Thank you.
what magazine is this?
Do these sweatpants have dog hair on them?
What is this floor made out of?
What is she doing? What is she wearing?
What type of shampoo is this? It should be Teatree.
What does this picture look like?
What is th is?
Will you please tell me what is written on this card and is upside down or right side up? Thank you.
what did the over dial say?
Do you see any bugs in this picture?
Which book is that?
What credit card is this? And if I'm holding it wrong, please let me know which way to hold it, so you can see what credit card it is. Thank you.
Is Sony capital letters in the text?
How much time is left on this timer?
Is the word Balm B-a-l-m, written on this usher container?
What color is the dog in this picture?
What kind of piano appears in the image I am sending?
What color is this please?
What is the size capacity of this product and is it refillable? Thank you.
I need to know what the image says so I can get this password reset.
Kind of dog is this?
record a question. what is one eighths as a decimal?
What cheese is this?
What letters do I enter to win the prize?
what are these? They are magnetic, two beads
What's the name of this dvd?
What is this a picture of?
What does this say, please?
What is this red wine called?
Whats the name of this audiobook?
Ok guys. Me again. Just need to have this security card on the screen read to me. It's a captcha. So that would be appreciated. Normal service isn't working for me for some reason.
OK we'll try the side of the box. Can you tell me what the conventional oven temperature is and the number of minutes in the conventional oven and whether I need to puncture the surface. Thank you.
For some reason, I'm getting answers back from web workers and email that don't apply to me, something about green beans and a body with headphones, and a shirt.
This box.
What is in this can? Thank you very much.
What text is on this page?
What is this bottle in my lap?
is it am or pm am or pm and what time
Tell me what this is? Tell me what this is.
Will this go with my purple top?
What kind of soup is this? Thanks.
What is the title of this DVD please?
What colors are present in this?
What brand and name of dog food is in this bag?
What is this brand of headphones? I can't read the print at all, man. Exclamation point. Whatever. I can't find it! What is it? Because I need to buy it.
Is this air conditioner on fan, dehumidifier, or air conditioning?
What is the name of this medication?
What sort of chicken is this?
What do you see?  What do you see?
candy is this.
Can you see the fragrance on this bottle of Freebeze?
Is the restore processing or waiting for input from me?
and what is this?
Do you see a company name on here?
Take 3 can you please read the captcha that is on this screen it should be a few letters or a word or two thank you
Is the answer
Can you tell me the name of the city please? Thank You
Sky look like in this picture.
I am wonder if there are apples left on our apple tree still.
What is the text for this?
I hope you can help me out of frustration. This is a screen on a printer, I was wondering if there was an error message there? Thanks.
OK, maybe from trying this a second time, I know this is a slow cooker, what I am trying to figure out is if I have the setting on low, high or
What flavor and make of coffee is this?
Can you please read this?
Is the light on?
Whats the calorie count for this product?
What is my credit card number?
Can you show what flavor this is?
What is the brand of this shirt?
What is this crockpot set on?
testing your phone
What kind of detergent is this?
Label say how many calories are in this?
Is this bag black and white?
Is this ice or snow?
Do these pair of shorts and this shirt match?  I know they are womens clothing.  If you don't know if they match, what colors are they?
What size diapers are these?
What is the brand name on the bottle?
Is this unsweetened or sweetened chocolate?
What is on this jump out, and what color is it?
Can you tell me what kinds of vegetables these are?
Can you tell what flavor this drink is?
Pattern and color of this dress shirt please.
De que colores?
Do you read the text on this card?
What color is this gift bag?
Can you see or be able to give me the authorization code for this account I have to sign up for?
Can you tell me what the card says please?
What painting is this?
Whats it say on this tag?
What about now, please?
WHat's the design in this sweater?
What is the expiration date on this carton?
What kind of meal is this?
Can you tell me the instructions on these. There's two parts, there's a brownie. I just need what the ratio is, how much egg, milk, water, that sort of thing on the brownie portion. And then there's
This is the display of a treadmill. Could you tell me the distance please?
What does it show on this computer screen?
What is this CD artist and title?
What is this? Who shot John Kennedy? No, I took a picture of., oh, why do I?
What color is this ...?
And what type of seats are these?
Okay, I rotated the bottle, I'm hoping that someone can see what this possibly could be.  Thank you.
How much water and butter is required for this recipe?
What is in this cereal box?
Can you tell me what scent this is? Thank you.
What is on this piece of paper?  Thank you.
What quarter is this?
Color is the light.
What temperature and how long do I cook this for?
Can you please tell me what the thermostat is set to including whether it's auto on and the temperature? Thank you.
What brand and what flavor TV dinner is this? Thank you.
What kind of soda is this?  Thank you.
Coffee come from.
What is this item? What item is this?
What kind spice is this? Thank you.
This money paper. is it blue?
What number in on this CD?
What language is currently selected?
Yes, I need to determine what the caption image is. With the boys and caption image is.
Can you tell me what this stock is, please?
What does this paper say?
What color is that blanket please?
Can you tell us what this says, thank you.
What is this lapel pen?
What color are those pants?
Please describe this fluffy dog. Is she panting?  Is she sitting or standing?  What does she look like and what is she doing?  Thank you.
Hopefully this is a better angle, and this may hopefully show which one this is. Either the chocolate or tapioca. Thanks.
Does this piece of paper on the plastic say anything?
What can I see?
what type of mccains meal is this?
What colors are in the flowers on this shirt?
please tell me the temperature setting?
What number is this temperature?
I know but how long do I leave it in the oven for? Now how long is the cooking time?
Is shampoo or conditioner?
What exactly does this captcha say?
Hello I'm trying to label this wire. Can you please tell me what color this one is? Thank you.
I'd like to know what is this box of?
What brand and flavor of k-cup is this please? Thank you and Merry Christmas.
Is this an iPhone?
What kind of drink is inside this can?
What flavor of coffee made is this?
What does this say on my screen?
Work for me or I'm going to beat you. I will beat the out of you.
What are nutrition facts?
Baking directions.
What does the fire look like?
What is in this bottle, and what is it used for?  Can you give a brief description?
Is this cream of chicken soup?
What are the price tags in this photo and what do they say?
What is the brand name of this case?
How many video games are in the shelf?
What col...  What color is this shirt?
Is the air conditioner set to air, fan, or dehumidifier?
What can you tell me about this t-shirt what's on it?
What does this box contain in this photo?  Can you guess it by looking at it?
Can you tell me what flavor this one is? Thank you.
What color is my case?
Tell me what's on the screen.
Is there any text on the screen? If so, what does it say?
I know this is a charger for something. Does it say anything in the picture that I just took that says what kind of a charger it is? Thank you.
Yes, cool, it's a happy hour menu. Can you give me some ideas as to what's on the menu? I'm just curious, thanks.
When you record a question so, what is this?
What are the directions for someone who is ten years old?
What page number is this?
Could you please read that capture number for me please?
What kind of nuts are these?
What does this pregnancy test show?
What is this seasoning?
Could you please tell me what's on my screen?
What color is this shirt?. I think it's black.Oh, yes mam. three one five
What kind of tea is in this box?
Would you call this light blue turquoise? Yes or no. Thank you.
What kind of tequila is this?
what is this i just took a picture of?
Is the temperature displayed on this thermostat?
Is there anything like text or progress bars visible on screen?
What does this tee shirt look like?
This piece of paper say?
Did you hear my question?
What brand of Chardonnay is this?
Where's the help for vizwiz?
Is this daytime or nighttime? Thank you.
Can you see if this is for acid loving plants or for roses? Thank you
What is in front of me and the wall?
What channel number is this?
What's on this card?
What flavor are these?
Does this look like it's boiling?
WHat is this pregnancy test show?  One line negative or two lines positive?
What toppings are on this pizza? Is it a pepperoni pizza, is it pepperoni and sausage, is it a supreme?
Describe the garment and the color.
Where is this table?
what bull is this?
What i- what is on my screen?
Color is this bag?
What's this chocolate?
What packet is this?
What is it set to?
What the screen says? Thank you.
Question number 3. Can anyone see any care instructions or information on how to fluff this mattress pad?
Is this book
Could I please have the expiration date of this can?
What is the name of this CD and the number of the track? What, sorry, what number is the disc?
Is this match? Thank you.
Yes, I need to determine the word in this caption image. Thank you.
What is the time of the clock?
What is this a bottle of?
I don't know if this is the front or the back of the package.
What kind of pizza rolls are these?
What box flavor cereal is this? Sorry for so many boxes. Do you know why the app keeps closing after I send the question?
What's in this tin?
What does this symbol mean?
Describe this please.
Which option is currently highlighted?
Specifically, what card is this and is this right side up or upside down?  Thank you.
What is this a can of?
What is the color of
I'm looking for the estimated time left on the screen. Thank you.
Can you tell me the Captcha code in the ON Screen image please?
I want to know what color thanks
Hi there, this is a box of, I'm not sure what frozen thing, but I'd like to know what the cooking instructions are. Thank you.
What setting is this crockpot set to?
Are my shorts dirty?
The last picture I took, you said of strawberry ice cream? This is a Avon book, so it's someone holding an ice cream.
What color is this highlighter?
Is this a print of Italian words?
Can you tell what type of cream this is?
What is the picture that I took?
What type of body spray is this?
What temperature is this thermostat set to?
Can you tell me what frozen dinner this is and what the conventional oven instructions are such as punching holes in the top, temperature and length of time? Thank you very much.
What does this say, what does this say
could you tell me the name of that?
Is this remote control?
What is the content of this document?
What does this box say on it?
Can you tell me what kind of chips these are?
What kind of string cheese is this?
describe what is on the front of my shirt.
What this box?
What kind of spice is this?  Thank you
Could you tell me what color this jumper is please?
This is a box of russel stover chocolates. Could you tell me what style of chocolates they are?
Is this bottle of apple cider premiere crew or vintage?
What type of of pan is this?
Can you read anything on the screen?>
What is the name of the key just to the left of the delete key?
Is that (inaudible)
What kind of meat is in this package?
Please tell me what page number this is and whether or not the page numbers are upside down.
Okay let's try this again maybe it will be better
What text can you what text can you read in this photo?
What is the color of my foot?
What does the   say?
Could you tell me the name brand of this case?
Please tell me the name of this book?
Hi. I was wondering - hopefully this picture is clear enough - what type of candy is this in the picture? Thank you.
What card is this, and is this right-side up or upside-down? Thank you.
what does this dial say on this thermostat
What is lipozene?
Five hundred bills.
I cannot move the camera slightly closer to the monitor.
Please tell me what this is? Thank you.
Is this my Windows or a Mac laptop?
What color has my pullover?
What is this? Comma. What does it say? Question mark.
Hi. What's in this paper? Thank you.
I'm trying to find out which cycle my washing machine is set on to it could be on normal or permanent press or towels or something else. I want it on normal and I need to check if that's what it's on now.
what kind of marijuana is this
This is a KVM switch. There's a VGA connector in the middle, a USB connector on the right, and a USB connector on the left. I'm wondering which of those USB connector
What kind of K-cup is this?
Which is mango glinda pickle, left or right?
what meal is this?
Can you tell me what this is a bottle of?
Which shirt is red?
Can you tell me the color of this shirt?
Is there a pattern on this?
any phone number written here.
What is this wine bottle's brand name?
Hi guys we have a brevil iron here and I need to know what the model number is, thank you.
What's the name of this perfume?
OK now which Harry Potter book is this?
What software is this, and read any serial number if you can see one.
What is this? What brand?
What is the writing on the card?
what is there
What type of picture is on this T-shirt?
Can you tell what dinner this is?
There is a shirt and a tank top here.  Are they the same color?
Whats this shirt look like, thanks?
Do you see any instructions?
What flavor of coffee is this, please?
Are my numbers that I must match.
What is the title of this Star Wars book?
What's the name of this album and can you tell me the picture of the album please?
Which one is sausage?
What pizza is this?
What is the canned good item please? Thank you.
What color is the cabinets?
Hello, what color is this shirt, please? Thank you very much.
What is this label? Thank you.
Is it a board?
what color is the bottle?
Where is this object located?
Did you see any dialogue boxes telling me that I needed to perform a specific task?
whats in the picture
What is this package of meat?
Can you please tell me what's in this bottle?
This is Roger Frischenmeier and I am a participant or want to be a participant in the clothing test.
Nah, it just goes bzzz. Doesn't sound like you're starting the call right.
What is the flavor of this Chobani yogurt
What is the main color of this shirt?
Does the photo in question look like a boil?
Tell me what the screen says please.
Can you please describe this card and it's orientation? Thank you!
What do you see outside this window?
Please can you tell me what is said on this bottle, thank you.
What kind of shampoo is this and how many ounces?
What does this truck in this photo look like?
What is the color of the box here?
Could you please tell me which line of those two makeup products is the one with the glitters in it, because I cannot see the differences between those two boxes.
What is that? Oh, I see what it is.
Please identify what's on the screen.
It is black?
What's the temperature on the thermostat?
Can you read this picture?
Color is this?
What color is that switch plate on the wall with the picture I just took?
What is this? I want to know.
What is the expiration date?
Can you please tell me what the picture is on this gift bag? Thank you.
The settings on this crock pot are low medium and high from right to left, is that true?
What page number is it this for? Thank you.
What kind of gun is that?
Is there anything on the screen of my Macbook?
What's the name of this? Thanks.
Is the label showing? And what is in this bottle?
What is this in front of the camera?
What kind of eggnog is this?
I seem to be going in circles.  WHat's the error message now? Thanks.
What is this hanging on the closet door?  Can you tell me? Or write a detailed description of what it looks like.  I really appreciate this.  Thank you.  Goodbye.
can you read what is stamp on the back of this fork?
Can you tell me what my rate is please?
TV switched on?
I would like to know what product this is, thank you.
What color are the sunglasses?
What short is it?
What does this bottle say on it?
Hello I need to know what color my dog's coat is. I don't know what it is, thanks.
What's the dosing instructions for this medicine?
Did I take this picture right?
What is this?  And is it hot?
Is this right side up?
What is the name of this flower?
What is this person?
If it works right, if it doesn't, I think I'll come back with
What is the object on top of the magazine?
What's the error message on my screen?
What color is the iPhone on the table, black or white?
Could someone tell me what scent of body spray this is? Thanks.
Can you tell what kind of soup this is?
Looking to see if this is a water based or silicone lubricant. Thank you.
Can you please give me as much as possible as what you see on my computer screen, whether it's a Windows log on or a blue screen of death or anything at all because I have a.
What is the name of this lotion?
What brand and model is this?
Can you tell me the cooking instruction of this food please?
What colors are in the picture?
we called what is the flavor
What are these machines?
What is rut?
Is there an E heat designation on the thermostat?
What color is the dog?
Calculate this.
White dog doing
Can you tell me which one is green please
Is it have an remote control? Thank you.
can you tell me the expiration day on this?
What is in the jar?
Can you tell me what household product this is?
Grab my shirt please.
Does this box have a brand name on it, and if so, can you please tell me what it is?
What is the engraving on the heart pin?
What was that item I just took a picture of?
I want to know this headphone model number. Thanks.
What does this label say? Before you said China, can you try and give me more information please
what is in this box?
Does this have a date?
Can you tell me what's in this box?
What does the error message say?
Can you please me?  Can you please tell me?  Can you please tell me what's on the screen of this computer monitor?  It's a laptop. Also, can you tell me if the image is...
Is my light on?  And what color is my light shade?
What is the name of this book? What's the name of this book?
What's on this computer screen?
Yes, what is this can please?
What's this? Hello?
Can you see what is in this can?
Yes, I need to determine the label on this bag. Please be as specific as possible. Thank you.
Hello. I am trying to fix this TV, but I'd like to know, are there any pictures on the screen? And if so, can you tell me what kind of pictures are shown? Thank you.
what is written on the screen?
I just took a picture of what I am sure is a charger but i don't know what device it says that its for, does it say on this charger what its suppose to be for? Thank you.
Can that candy bar be identified?
Does this sweater and this shirt go together?
what kind of tree is this?
What is this, and is there a name on it?
record whats on the left and the right, I'm kind of new to VizWiz here.
Is this a good picture of my dog?
What is this bottle?   What is this bottle?
What are the labels of the buttons in this row?
What are the contents of this bubble wrapped package?
What park is this?
Alright so what do we got here from left to right, or biggest to littlest, however you want to do it?
What brand is this popcorn?
Can you see what kind of soup it is now?
what's in this bag? thanks.
Can you read what's on the computer screen for me here, please?
Do you know what kind of food this is?
Are some of the stripes in the shirt grey?
what kind of shampoo is this thank you
Can you tell me what this container has inside?
Can you tell me what the label is on this meat pack please? Thank you.
No, it's not working for me either. Didn't say. Yeah, it won't even record it's too lazy.
What is this captcha?
Is there a brand name on this?
Do not know if I have gotten of both pictures of both items. I would like to know if they go together, but you may have
What type of macaroni is this?
What color is this chair, please?
is battery acid or what or atleast what kind of bottle is it?
Is this a bag of split peas?
What color is this jacket, please? Thank you.
What kind of a soft drink is this can?
what kind of 2 liter bottle is this?
Hi can you identify this package too please? Thank you.
Thank you very much. This is a big help to me.
Can you tell me what this bottle is? What the brand is? Thank you.
How many days til Christmas?
Please could you tell me what this CD cover says and what the picture of it on it is? Thank you.
Can you tell me what this is in the picture?
What is my blood pressure?
What is this, and how much does it cost?
What is the color and status of the LED?
Is this picture clear, and where are we now?
Is this sweatshirt brown or tan?
Please tell me what this item is.
can you read
Is this shirt stained? Thank you.
What the name of the phone and the model?
How many fingers are on a hand?
what color is my shirt?
What does this watch face show?
What is the name on this label read?
What's this jar?
is there anything on the display?
What kind of Progresso soup is this?
what does this label say?
This guy look like in this photograph?
Hi this is a t-shirt what color is it? and what does it go with?
Can you tell me what kind of options are on there and what's highlighted as the option now. I'm trying to get passed this step so my computer loads up normally.
What kind of chai tea is this? What brand of tea is it?
How much money is this? How much money is this?
Part is this.
What am I looking at?
Can the you see the expiration date?
WHat is this a picture of?
Do you see any bread crumbs up there?
What brand of dog food is this?
Yes, I need to determine the words that are in this capture image. Please be as specific as possible. Thank you.
What is this screen?
What baseball team is this?
What color am I wearing?
Which color is this shirt, please?
Try this again. Can you find a key code for Microsoft Office 2010 Professional?
What is the label on this bottle?
What is this a picture of? That's what I just asked. What is this, Record question. What is this a picture of? And it's going out.
Whats the name of this box?
Entire nation is this?
Hello, thank you for answering my question. What can you see in this room? Thank you.
Am I right when I say that this string is blank?
what this?
Can you please tell what's on the label on the bottle?
What's the color of her shirt?
Can you tell me what this bottle is? What kind of juice? Thank you.
What am I taking a picture of?
What, what company produces this?
Hey, I need to know the inch mark where the tape goes into the ruler itself. Just a nominal inch, like 130-some, whatever
Where are these pants?
I am told that the flavor of this food is invisible. I do not understand. How does invisible kool aid not have a specific flavor?
If straight up on the knob is north, where is bake?
Hi, can you tell me the activation code on this iTunes card? Thanks.
Answer the questions.
How much snow is outside?
Can you please tell me what this bottle say what this bottle is please?
What side do I turn the oven off?  Is it the left side or the right side of the oven? On the flat panel.
Description this picture and color, thanks.
Can you see the piece of mail and can you tell me who this mail is for?
What type of apple is this?
Can you tell me what the error message is and how I need to clear it, what I need to do to clear it?
Is this bean bag?
Whats the picture on the shirt?
Is it Bach?
What does this bottle say?
What kind of K cup coffee is this please?
What is the color of this iPhone cover?
Which one of these two ties, which one of these two ties is black, completely black? Thank you.
What is the wattage of this power supply?
What color are in these sponges?
what kind of pee is this?
Okay, we're going to try this again with a different card.  Hopefully I held it right.  What do you think?
Yes, I need to determine the captcha code in this image.  Thank you.
What's in this red envelope?
What is this? Mano, what is this?
What is this? Is this beer or soda?
Can you identify this jar please?
A bottle of red wine.
What are the cooking instructions on this box? If you can't read them. Can you tell me how to guide my camera ,so you could read them?
Hi, I have a laptop, a Dell latitude in front of me. And I was wondering, my laptop hasn't been able to turn on for the whole day, since this morning.  And I was wondering if when I plug in my charger.
Do the clouds look like rain clouds or storm clouds or are they just regular cumulo-nimbus clouds?
Is there any writing on here?
What kind of beer is this?
Can you tell what's on the screen?
Can you see the box now?
Is this tuna helper or chicken helper?
Can you tell me what the security code is on the screen please?
hi there, I'm not sure if my question's not coming through properly, I wasn't asking the color. I am looking for the temperature ranges going from left to right on the dial. It should be in the picture of the slow cooker. Thank you.
What brand is this hand sanitizer?
What color is this item please?
How do I solve this problem?
What is on this t-shirt?
Is there fiber in this?
What color is my keyboard?
Would you mind telling me which iCarly DVD I have in my hand? Thank you.
what kind of cd is this?
Amy what picture is this that's showing up?
What is in this basket?
what flavor ice cream is this?
Hi can you please tell me what's in this package?
What is this package?
Okay, trying to set up the new TV, just looking to see if you can tell me what's on the screen right now.
ok I moved back a little further taking the photo again.  My speech has stopped, so I don't know whether the screen is frozen or not but maybe you can tell me
Is this shampoo or soap?
Do this DVD?
Who is he?
Hi there, I'm just wondering, What type of cereal is in this box?
I just wanted to find out if the vest looks nice with the shirt, what color the vest is, the shirt is, what design is on the shirt , or colors? Thank you very much for...
Color are these shoes please.
Which one of these items is the children's dictionary? Is it the one on the right, or the one on the left?
Which remote is this?
What is, what is this?
What kind of toppings are on this pizza?
What kind of oatmeal is this and thank you.
Looking for the time that this screen is trying to tell me. I'm trying to do a FileVault decryption.
Is my TV off and what is on the table next to the TV? Please describe.
What musical instrument is this?
Is this the google satellite image and I would just like a description of the image, what is seen? Thank you.
Lights in the room turned on or off?
Do I have on a gold bracelet or a silver bracelet?
What denomination is this bill? Thank you
What kind of tea or coffee is this?
This is fabric.
is this the women's bathroom or the men's bathroom?
There are two shirts what color is the shirt on the left and on the right?
What package is this?
What is the label on this tape?
What are the options on this menu?
What color? What color is this shirt?
Ok what flavor yogurt is this?
What does the screen say now?
What color is this hair?
What color is this cardigan?
Why isn't my computer starting?
I'm a participant taking part in the VizWhiz clothing pilot.
I'm at a restaurant. Is this the ketchup?
Please read numbers or letters on the screen of this radio.
What are the roman numerals in this picture?
What is in this package? What is it?
What color is these beads?
What condiment is this?
Can you please tell me the message that's displayed on my screen? Is it an error message?
What color is the belt?
WHat does the sky look like in this photograph?
Can you tell me what bottle this is please, thank you.
Is it a sofa or a table?
What is it? Record  What is it?
What color and kind of dog is that?
What temperature is the thermostat set to?
What is written on the back of this sofa
What kind of popsicle is this?
What kind of pills are in this bottle?
What am I and what is this?
What kind of, What is this picture?
What does it say on this label?
What is that bill
What color are these headphones?
Tell me what this screen says because the computers not functioning properly and it gave another sound
What title is this?
What kind of cologne is this?  Bottle is in new position.
what brand of dinner is this?
Can you tell me what's on this computer screen please?
what does this say and is it blue ray?
I think this will probably be a better picture. I know there's stuff all over the place but hopefully you'll be able to see the chess piece.
What does it say on this page of the book?
What kind of beans is this?
Can you describe this picture to me?
What color is this lid?
We found this on the Atlantic Ocean side of florida, we wonder what this tooth is
What is the label on the spiral?
Tell me please how many teaspoons this is?
What colors do my nails have on them?
Please say the temperature on this thermostat. Thank you.
What is the thermostat set at?
All the settings on the crock pot. I know off and low are on the left side. Can you read the right side? Thank you.
Could you please tell me what box of food this is?
Which one is red color? Is it on my left or my right?
Do this tie and shirt match?
Are there any labels on the jacks of this device?
Hello computer
What is the use by date on this?
what does this label read?
Haven't said enough
What's in this can? Thanks.
Can you tell me what type of dog food this is?
What kind of cuffs are these please? Thanks.
How many doors?
Is there any other writing other than Stove Top? I need to know what is in this package. Thank you.
What does she look like?
Please describe whats in this pitcher.
Could you please tell me what is the name of this on this bottle?
Which can is this?
Is this garment white?
What type of chicken is this?
What does an eagle say?
What is this stink?
What color are these ties?
What sort of Keurig disc is this?
is this the bottle of Febreze?
Can you tell me what the numbers are on these tickets please?
What kind of chips they are?
What does the can say?
What type of dessert is this?
What does this show?
Where can I buy this glass or candle holder, whatever it is, and what is the cost?
Is this spaghetti sauce?
What does this list include?
What kind of a bottle is this?
Alright. If you could tell what the screen says, that would be helpful, thank you
What color is this pepper.
What did I just read on my PC?
Is there a test piece here?
Can you please describe this card and its orientation? Thank you.
What is the expiration date on this cream cheese?
What is this right here that I just took a picture of?
What is this painting?
Is this past the expiration date?
Can you see what's on the computer screen?
Can you tell what color the cloth is?
What is that on the floor?
Color is the car?
Read the screen!
Is the number 1 key the first key on the top?
Is this a TV?
Says this is a knob on a dryer and it's in the shape of a block and it probably has like normal or delicate press things.
What is written on that computer screen, please?
What is in this little bottle?
Color of the flower.
What is printed on this t-shirt?
Im hoping this time you can read the steps i took and the time.
Please describe the picture.
What is this item including make?
What kind of berries are these?
What is this box that I'm holding in front of my hand?
Is this crock pot set on high?
Is the light situation fine? Is the camera fine? If not, please tell me how can I improve my pictures for you to use?
the products please, thank you.
Could you describe the color of this necklace? Thank you.
ok i don't think i took a picture so what do i do now
What is the price on these headphones?
Can you see in the dark?
Can you tell me the color please
What is this and how do i prepare it?
Yes, I just need a description of this Google satellite view.  Please be as specific as possible.  Thank you.
What kind of TV is that?
flavor is this?
Hey, give it back. Who's that for?
What tea is this?
What kind of bottle of liquor is this?
Alright looking for the input or mode button I have moved the camera in tell me if this is clear.  Thank you.
Is it completely dark at the moment?
What kind of creamer is this
What kind of cleaner is this? Thank you.
How clear is this photograph and how skewed is it? Thank you.
What flavor are these pop rocks?
Tell me, what is in this can?
What's the year of this wine?
Is this coke or diet coke?
The following is a question on the turbo-tax website: there is a question asking about rent or owning of a home office. There are three check boxes.
What is the color of this flower on the book?
Is there a brand on this shampoo and what type is it, please?
What color is this girl's shirt?
What brand of lasagna is this and if you can see it, what are the instructions?
Trying to find out the text on this business card. There is text on both sides so this is side one.
What does this say on the label?
Does this hear my dog bark?
What is this? Please, thank you
Is it blue? Is it blue with this stick?
Is there any red packet on the table?
Yes I need to determine the captcha image. Thank you.
What time is it? what time is it?
What is the 9 on this label for the lead?
What type of mouthwash is this?
What kind of note is that?
What flavor of soup is this? Thanks.
What what what color is my dog?
What kind of soft drink is in my hand?
do you have any idea what this is?
what's in this picture
Whats in the bag?
What is the dog doing?
WHICH COLOR HAS THE PURSE?
What are the two words in this captcha image?
What is next to the fan, and I have one other question, and I have one other question, how long do you plan to be doing this?
Who is it?
What is the answer to this?
I am trying the top again if I need to adjust my camera angle for the expiration date, let me know.
Is this a striped sweater?
What is this item or items?
I need to know if this is regular coke or diet coke please.  Thank you.
What do you see here?
What is that set on?
What do you see through this window?
What make watch is it?
Hey can somebody tell me what this is?  Some kind of frozen food. Thanks
What is this picture? What is in this picture?
What is this please? What chocolate?
What is the meaning of life?
What does that say? Can you read it? I am asking this. I can't say ipod.
What is the product that I have in my hand?
What flavor dog food is that please?
Describe the picture please.
What color is this shirt, and what is on this shirt?  That is my question.
Can you please identify this bottle for me?
What color is...
Which movie is this?
What does this picture say?  And does this picture have any capital letters?
What color is this, and is it big?
What is around?
Can you read what's on this box?
Is there a light turned on?
What is he doing? Question mark.
What does the photo on the wall show?
What flavor is this ice cream please thank you.
Can you tell me what this is please
Hi, does this sweater have yellow and black or gold and black. Thank you
What kind of a bite is this?
This stinks.
Which pen is pink and which one is black?
I turned the box over, can you tell what kind of coffee it is now?
what bath gel is this?
whats on the screen now
When was this?
What color is that shirt? What color is that shirt?
What button do I press to get zero code?
Can you tell if this is flavored coffee or decaf? And if it is flavored, what flavor is it?
I have a question can you tell me if the information on this check is printed in the correct spots if not what do I need to move.
What is the flavor of these Pop-tarts?
Can you tell me what this cereal box is please?
I put this skirt in the light and I need to know what color it is, I don't think I own a gray skirt.  Is it blue or is it black? Thanks.
stain this brown fabric
The text, please the text on the card.
Read all the things on the cans?
need direction for this pumpkin pie? Thank you.
Where is this located?
What's the expiration date on this? Thank you.
What kind of a day is it outside?
How much time is left?
Test question.
Hi, can you tell me what this can is please, thank you?
The clouds in this picture.
What are the cooking instructions for this?
What is color?
What can is this.  Is it a soup or a ravioli?
What's showing on my computer screen?
Is this box.
Speaker 1: What this card is?
Is it books?
You guys questions about assistive technologies to feed my Q
Color is that please?
What is this showing?
What is the baking temperature of this?
Do I look like in this picture?
What moat is this?
Is this card right side up or upside down?
What is this cd?
Please tell me what this washer is set to?
Can someone tell me what is in this package please?
Can you tell what kind of dog this is?
What brand of
What does this music cd label say?
Hi Carry Arnold, 7910 Main st. Email terriiphone@gmail.com
Can you please describe the card and is it right side up?
This is the display of a treadmill, could you tell me this distance please?
What does this can say.
What shirt am I wearing?
Please just describe what this is.
who plays this character?
Can you tell me what this says?
What's the five digit number?
How long should this rice be cooked in the microwave for?
How many milligrams are these?
Do you see any buttons that would allow me to turn the oven off?
Is this a raging boil?
What is the color of the glass and the frame.
Can you tell me who this piece of mail is from? Thank you.
Do you see any type of water bugs or anything?
What can I do to help my hairy legs?
Describe this shirt?
I need to know the captcha code if anyone could, please. Thanks.
What is this? And what color is it?
Is this stone wall painted?
record could you tell me what kind of meat this is please
What does this business card say?
What is the capture code on this page?
Can you see the flavor?
Is this WD40, or is it stuff that's supposed to calm a cat down if it's getting stressed? A choice, thanks.
What you can see in this picture, what is it?
What is this coin?
Who is this addressed to?
What is in this sample box?
What colors are on this skirt?
What word is this?
What is on the screen?
what is the number on the building that is yupacai college in prescott arizona
Do you say Sloppy Joe?
What movie?
Is this still too blurry or can you tell what it is?
What would this nail have been used for?
What color of beads are these please?
What kind of peanut butter is this?
What's the name of that please?
What options are on the screen?
Speaker:  What color is my shirt?
What kind of creamed soup is this?
What does this harness say?
What is on the floor?
I have two cans here, hopefully I've got them both in the camera. I need to know if they're both tuna. Thank you.
what is the brand of these shoes?
What is this?  Yeah, I can't it though.  It vibrated.  Let's see.  It
What kind of candies are in this jar?
what does is say?
Is this a flat rate box?
what are the price of these headphones
This is a picture of a machine called a borer. Can you see a make and model number on that? Thank you!
What color is that? Thank you.
Can you tell me how many kilobars this wide is please?
What kind of chocolate is this?
what color are theses pants
What is the color of the top, please - the top that she's wearing?
What is it, and what is the color? Thank you.
What flavor oreos are these?
What is beeing displayed on my screen?
What is the expiration date on this milk?
Can you please describe the card and its orientation? Thank you.
What colors--What colors are these hats, and is there writing?
This screen doesn't talk. What does it say?
This a qwerty or dvorak keyboard?
in this bottle.
This is a view from above. What is the shape of this speaker?
Are there any fleas on my dog?
Miss him already, do you?
For how how long do I cook this in the microwave?
What does this display say
Which Harry Potter book is this?
What color are these jeans? Pink or gold?
Does this shirt and pants match?
IS there a brand name on these headphones?
What is the color of that t-shirt, and greetings from Kuwait.
What kind of lip gloss is this?
What kind of motor oil is this?
please tell me the title and artist written on this cassette?
what is this  what do I do now
What kind of doll is this?
What kind of beer is this please?
Where on the screen is the uninstall button?
Are there any birds in the trees?
Yes, I would like a description of the photograph on the screen which is a Google satellite image. Thank you
Can you tell what some of this might say?
What color are these pants
what's the name of the CD?
How many milligrams are each tablet in this bottle?
Is this a twelve volt transformer? It should say twelve v. One two v.
I'm testing this app for the first time. Its a picture of my guide dog, could you please describe him for me.
How much sodium is in this product?
What is this a tool for?
Is this watch very shiny?
Can you please tell me what color this shirt is, and what's on it?
Is this a woman?>
This is much lighter.
What about the scenery?
Is my camera working? Can you see anything?
WHAT ARE THE NAME OF THIS AVON PERFUME AND DID I MOVED THE CAMARA BACK FAR ENOUGH THIS TIME?
What kind of pop is inside this can?
What is a remote control?
Caffeinated or decaffeinated coffee?
Is there any writing on this side of the package that will give you a clue of what type of coffee this is? Thanks.
Well that's about as far right as I can go so without thinking I'm missing the screen, so hopefully it will have what you need and then I can get this code in.  Thanks for all your patience and everything, this is an amazing ability.
Is this a soda or a beer?
What kind of babyganics cleaner is this?
Which stuffed chicken breast is this? What is the filling?
This is glucosamine. How many milligrams are in each capsule, and is it glucosamine hydrite or glucosamine sulphide? Thank you.
Are there directions on the back of this box?
What color is this pitcher?
I'm trying to find out what size this shoe is, but I'm not sure if I've got the camera aimed in the right spot. That's the question.
What type of Jello is this?
Can you please tell me what's on the computer screen?
This is the display of a treadmill could you tell me the distance please?
Is it for hair?
Can you tell me sodium content level of this can of food?
What color is this quilt?
What item is this and brand?
Hi, I'm trying to find out what color boots are? If you could help me, thank you so much.
what is in the picture
Yes I just need you to determine the labeling on dosing information--dosing information on this bottle. Thank you
What is in it?
Hello.  What kind of breakfast cereal is this?  Thank you.
what is displayed?
Who is the painter?
What's this I just took a picture of?
What brand of printer ink is this?
Could you please tell me what this box belongs to? What the content of the box, if it shows a picture of something? Thank you.
What is in this cup? What is in this cup?
What this?
Are those DVDs or CDs and what does it say on the disks?
OK, this is the last side.  If we don't find it here I think I'm going to eat something else.  We want convectional oven temperature and number of minutes.  Thank you so very much for your time and effort.
is apple still signing ios?
Can you tell me what's in this photo?
what is the name of ths product
Which one is the almond butter.
What do you see on my desk?
What book is this, period?
What does this say on this screen?
How do I have to leave this in the oven for?
What is my temperature?  Thank you.
who is this though?
What object is this? What object is this? It's in progress. It's in progress. The object, the color.
What is inside this?
What type of cookies are these?
describe the kitty in the picture
Dark for ironing clothes?
It's stuck
What is in this can? The one right in front of the bananas I believe.
What is inside this box?
What is this setting set to?
Can you read me the instructions for this medicine bottle
Test, test, test.
Who is this artist?
Can you tell me which thing of make up
How much money is that note?
What type of food?
what flavor is this bag of
Does it look sunny outside.
What's the use of this product?
What setting do I have this dial pointing at?
Is this Benadryl?
What color is this dog ornament?
Can you read the text of this bottle please?
Let's try one more time, what color is my pants?
Hey, I actually have two questions.  One is, please tell me what my meat is.  Wow, that didn't sound right, just kidding OK?  I hope I didn't offend you.  Second question is, do you know how I add (totally unrelated)... how do I add a contact to either BizWiz or my contact list?  I'm trying to send...
What brand are these shoes?
What are the microwave instructions?
What is the picture on this sweatshirt?
okay thanks let's try this again what is the expiration date?
How many ounces in this container?
What is this tube of creme? Thank you.
Read text.
Is that a cat or a dog, and what color is it?
What do you see on the TV?
Ok let me see if this works ok. So tell me what I took a picture of. I just described
Is this a day or night cream?
What is the text say in this picture?
What does this say?  THank you.
Which one is more red?
Can you tell what brand and model this television is, please? Thank you.
What truck is that?
Is there a button I need to press to make it resume? Or do I just wait?
What color is the cloth and the necklace?
What week is this? Not sure if you'll be able to tell or not.
How many calories are in Insure? Are you holding it down? Oh no. Am I supposed to hold it down? No, you just hit. I hit it once and then I talked. And then you hit it again when you're done.
Description this package please.
Can you tell me what the bag is that I just took a picture of?
Is this item?
Where is the dog?
Is this the yellow dog or my black dog?
What is the brand of the water
Can you tell me what kind of Keurig flavor coffee this is? I know it's Keurig, what flavor please. Thank you
Can you please tell me the color of this shirt please and what it says across the front.
What is this product, please?
Could you please tell me what color this tee shirt is? Thank you
Following a storm last night and some patching work I had done by the garage door, do you see any dark spots or tar that splashed up on the garage door?
how long do i cook this for?
Sorry guys, this is just a quick test. There seems to be an issue with my camera. Can someone describe to me what they see through the picture they are looking at?
What is the content?
what's in the bottle?
Can you tell me what the product is, in the bottle, in the picture?
What type of can is this? thank you.
What does the tech say of this picture?
What is this? What is this thing?
Is the red button on the left or the right of this picture?
What's the pin on this router?  I moved the camera closer so hopefully you can read it now.
Describe this to me.
What candy is this
Where is my cane
What is this? It's Italian. Speak as you can.
Can you please read the temperature on this thermostat?
For this slow cooker that I just took a picture of, what position is the knob in?  Is it off, high or low? Thank you.
Who is this guy?
Please read this label.
What radio is this? What type of radio is this? And what brand of radio is this?
What artist and song is this?
What is the name of this film?
what is the most nutritional supplement?
I know this is Keurig coffee. What kind of coffee is this box, please? Thank you.
Can you tell me what that can of es bolt is please?
I'm trying to find out if this is chicken, and is it breaded, is it cooked? Thanks.
Alright, can you tell me what flavor this one is?
What will I do tomorrow?
Is my hand obscuring the camera at all?
sky look like
What kind of drink is this ?
Sky look stormy.
Say anything.
Can you please tell me what the captcha says? And thanks for all your help, I do appreciate it
What is in this?
What is this product in this can?
Maybe this one will be the one I want. Which flavor Rice-a-Roni is this?
What is on T.V.?
Is this decaf or regular coffee?
What is the brand name of these cookies?
What color are these capris?
What tablets are these?
What color is this skirt please?  Thank you.
What's in this envelope?
What are my calories?
What is in this packet, please?
What are the instructions on this product?
Where are my sunglasses? Heading not found. Heading not found.
Could you please tell me what the label on this CD says. Thank you in advance.
What kind of ships they are?
What is it that I'm looking at here?
What brand is this water filter?
I need the expiry date on this drink.
is my dick big?
Can you tell by looking at this, at the label, what it is, I think it's a piece, a dvd in the mail.
What are each of theses bottles from left to right? Thank you.
What's in this medicine box?
Is this vanilla coffee?
Can you tell me what's this coin?
How much does it cost?
What is this and what is the serial number?
What does the black button on the top left say?
What color is it.
Are there any pictures on this TV?
Is it a normal beer, or is it a special taste?
Is my computer performing a disc check? For example, does it say on the screen, \Checking files system\, or \Stage one of four\ or some such? Thank you.
I'm looking to see whether this C.D. is the third of a collection of fifteen. Can you tell me that? Thank you very much.
what is the item in the picture and what color is it?
What is the brown dog doing?
I need to know the brand name on these headphones please.
Can you tell me which color my t-shirt has? If you can see it that is.
Can you see what flavor this is?
Is it dark outside?
Could you tell the contents of this package please? Thank you. Good Morning.
What is this contraption?
This is napkin 2, I placed the camera in portrait mode. Can you tell me if the stripes are vertical or horizontal? Thanks.
Can you read these words please?
I'm standing in front of this lake in the Lakewood area of Washington state, and I don't know the name.
what is inside this can?
What bottle is this please? Thank you.
The Nova computer.
Can you please explain this shirt to me?
Is this temperature three hundred and seventy five degrees? Thank you.
What text is on my screen? Please
what flavor of jerky is this
can you tell me what this paper is?
Can you see on the fridge?
What is the title of this book?
What type of mail is this
Am I getting closer to the heavy cycle?
What is the suit of this card? It's an ace, but it's an ace of what? Thanks.
Hi, so I'm wondering what the image capture on this page is? It's hidden in the image somewhere and I'm just supposed to type it in.
How many lines does this pregnancy test show?
This is a test.
Could you tell me what is this?
Well, you know I,   Look, if you want things durable then you want a rubber caging, a plastic, like a ...
Can you tell me what this button is?
I was setting up my chest board when a chest piece fell off it. Where did it roll?
What brand of chicken breasts are in the package, please? Thank you.
What is in this bottle? What is in this bottle?
What is the name of this wine? It's year? And where, what country it's from?
Hello, what does this can say. I am trying out this new app online, I thought it would be a great thing for me. Thought I would check it out.
What color is this banana hair clip?
May I know what product is this please?
What type of curry cup is this?
What is on top of the toilet?
What color is the top?
You did not give me the answer to my question. Please do so, thank you. You say, but there's no stop button.
Is there any image on the screen?
What is this title.
who is the artist on this CD
I have two actual bumps on one of the knobs on the stove, I don't know if you can see it or not, but I'm just wondering if you can tell me what the, what they're labeled as or like where they're set at for a different temperature.
I've dropped my USB drive right about here, but I cannot seem to find it. Please help me find it.
What is this chair?
What is it and what is the picture on it?
Can you please describe the card and it's orientation? Thank you.
What kind of juice is in the bottle?
What does this dress look like?
Yes, I need to determine the two words in this visual Captcha image.  Thank you very much.
What is this?What is this?
Can you tell me what is written on the coin holder? Thank you.
Please can you tell me what this beer is?  It's Fuller's eight to forty five or ESB, I'm not sure which.
Is this coca cola light?
Could you please tell me what this says?
On this air conditioner, what is the thermostat set to?
Is this a dog?
What is in this background?
Does this tell time?
If you are saying to me that I have to improve the image because I'm blind, how the heck am I to do that because, you know, I can't see the image
What color is this shirt? Color.
Why is it
I'm trying to create a Gmail account and for some reason I have keep entering into these Caiaphas and I was wondering if you can help me solve this one, thanks for your assistance in advance.
I cook these chicken fillets in the oven
Is this on air, fan or dehumidifier?
What color is this question mark?
Let's try this again. What is in this can?
Well, well, well.
What kind of coffee is this and is it instant or do I have to brew it?
Yes, these are buttons on the part of the fax machine. I need to know what the labels on these buttons in the picture are on this fax machine are. Thank you.
What color is this cup? I hope I got the cup.
what text is on the screen
What vocab word is in number one?
Which Harry Potter title is this one?
Specifically, what option is currently highlighted or selected on the screen? Thank you.
Which tie would match best with a white shirt?
What color are those curtains.
Okay, I've taken a new exposure of the laptop back. Again, the question is, can anyone see the serial number and tell me what it is? Thank you
What's in this and how much does each thing cost?
What is the suit of this card? I think it's a two, but it's a two of what? Thank you.
What color is the cup
What do you see on the screen? Thank you.
What is the model number on the back of this guitar?
Specifically what is written on this card and is it right side up or upside down?  Thank you.
Describe the color of curtains.
I hope this helps, I moved the camera in. Can you tell me what the security code is so that I could register this product? Thank you.
Show what brand this is.
Does there appear to be a coffee stain on that part of my shirt?
Could you please tell me what the captcha says?
Can you tell me what's on this printed material please?
Which thing is in the picture?
What is this? How is it works? Who is going to answer more question? Thank you.
How much time is left on the microwave?
What is in the picture? Thank you. Crash.
Can you tell me what this bottle is, please?
Is anything displayed on the screen?
you tell if the screen says it is downloading updates or installing updates? It's supposed to be shutting off.
And then after you ask the question it vibrates to let you know, I hope. No, it's doing it. Well.
Has it gone dark outside yet?
DOES IT SAID ANYTHING ABOUT THIS BEEN FULLY COOKED?
Could you please tell me what magazine this is? Just curious.
How much is that bill, please?
I like you to tell me what these two cans are sitting here
I'm just wondering what this bottle is?
What make and flavor of coffee is this please.
what color are these socks
What are the controls on this device
What is this? See I don't know what to do cuz it don't beep to ask or record a question.
What letters do i have to type in to win the prize?
What does the scale say?
Still just testing it out.
What is this wine?
What color is this? What color is this?
Could you tell me the cooking instructions of this food on this box, and if not where to find my camera in order to read them.
What color is my vest?
What does this say?  What does this say?
How big is my TV and what is on the screen, and what is the model number, and what brand is it?
Can you describe these flowers as well?
What color is this counter-top?
What's the name of this book or manual?
What brand of mashed potatoes are these?
Hi can you tell me how far along the scan disk is now? Thanks.
Which way do I turn the dial to put it to auto?
What flavour is this?
Could you please tell me what color this is?  Thank you.
I would like your best description of the grass that's in the picture that's from a power point presentation.  Thank you.
Is my TV on?
Can you tell me what it says on the breast of this collared shirt please?
can you tell me what kind of cereal this is?  Please?
What does the bug look like? Thank you
what types of seeds are these?
What does this picture show?  Description full.
What is this word verification?
hello. is this decaf or regular coffee? thank you. I appreciate that you're there to help. have a good day.
Hi, what color is this jacket?
What type of dog is it?
What is this product of?
I'm trying to read the sticker on this card. If it is shown on this photo, what exactly does the sticker say, and if there's any text on it.
Can you please describe to me what's on the page and its orientation? Thank you
what type of drink is this
What label is on this can?
What color are the beads in the charm on this necklace?
What is this and can you see the cooking instructions?
What flavor of soda is this?
What kind of pop tarts are these?
This is a card. If you can tell me the picture on it, that would be very useful. Look forward to hearing from you.
Is it possible then that we have a blank screen? If so this may mean that something is happening.
Is this flowers or stripes?
What color is the sheet?
one last time tell me the captcha image in this picture
Which tea is that?
What letters do I need to type in to claim the prize?
what does the sky look like in this photo?
Can you see the label clearly this time
What types and colors of clouds are in this picture?
what color is this sweatshirt?
Could you tell me what whiskey this is, please?
what book is this
What kind of pop is this
Are you able to please tell me what button is to the left of the start button on this dishwasher panel?
Please describe the logo on the cup so I can explain it to someone else.
What size is this t-shirt?
What kind of shampoo is this?
What is the color of the cap of this bottle?
is the expiration date?
What's in the bottle?
if there's a phone in this picture can you tell what color it is?
What is in this box and what flavor is it?
What is it? What is this?
Is it sunny outside and what does the sun go down?
Which of these is the best movie?
What color are my curtains?
What is the setting on this dryer?
can you tell me what this is?
Can I take this with cough medicine?
what is in this box please?
Can you tell what kind of tea this is?
What is this tin?
Please tell me what you can see on this picture. This is a test for Biz Whiz.  Thank you very much.
What is on this box that I just took a picture of?
What is this food item, please?
What color are the stones in this earring?
What does the top of this paper say?
Record. What flavor is this tasty cake product.
That you very much. I really appreciate it.
What letters do i enter in to win the prize?
What type of Hot Pockets are these?
What breed of dog is that?
Could you tell me what factor this suntan lotion is please?
What is today?
Let's give this a try, can you tell me what this is?
Please let me know what this is.
What does this bag say?
Is this purple or black?
What does it say on this bottle?
What is sitting on the table?
Is this peroxide?
What flavor silk almond milk is this, please?
What languages and subtitles are included on this DVD?
Hi. what type of drink is in the bottle in my right hand? Thank you.
I'm looking for the sound category to be highlighted.  How far away am I?
Can you see the whole sofa in this picture? If not, what do i need to do to make the whole sofa appear in the picture?
What is the temperature in the house?
Color of shirt.
Could you tell me something about this shirt? Like maybe the colors since all the color ID's I have don't seem to work very well, and is there anything else I should know about it? Thanks.
What does it look likes it's set on now? Because it acts like it wants to drain the water.
What color is my digital recorder?
What is this and what is your favorite baseball team?
Describe the monitor
Could you tell me where the cooking instructions are on this box and how to guide my camera in order to read them?
Could you please tell me what page number this is and it's right-side up or upside down? Thank you!
Sit in the bed, please.
Is this Lawrey salt?
What drink is this?
What color is this remote control?
Can you please tell me what flavor of coffee this is?  And if the camera is too close let me know.
Are there any clouds and if so what are they?
Can you tell the name of this eye-drop?
is this decaf coffee or coffee with caffeine?
What is this document?
Can you please tell me the time? I need to know right now.
What is this in my hand?
Hello can you please tell me what this is or is it still-is this really blurry? Thank you very much.
I'm not quite sure what this medication is. Would you please let me know what this is and what it's for?
What item is this? What item is this?
Hi, what do you see in the screen?
What does
Hi, could you tell me as much as possible about the color of this hairpiece? Thank you very much.
what is the name of this product?
What color is this bath mat.  I need to know now.
What sauce is this?
What does the password say?
Hello there, is this Windows 7 32 bit?
What denomination of bill is this?
How much does my check read?
Can you please tell me what this fragrance is? Thank you.
Can you tell me what is on this screen?
what is this?
This is a picture of a black leather sofa.  Is the angle okay and is it centered okay?  And can you see the whole couch in the photo?
From left to right, what are these buttons labled?
Can you tell me what's in this box, please?
Which color does the carpet have?
What color is my fan?
What is the flavor of this yogurt?
What curtain?
What do you think that is?
What is this guy in this photograph look like?
What color is the wire I'm pointing to?
What kind of plants are these?
Ok, so there's a vibration, which means there's recording. What is the color? Then...Stop...
TV dinner is this?
Can you tell me what the temperature is set at, please?
Can you please tell me what this is?  If you can see it?  Thank you.
Who is this mass effect character?
What effect of the protein diet was being tested?
Is this euro coins?
what flavor of rice is this this please?
What are the gentlemen in this video wearing?
What is this called? What is this used for?
What does this sign say?
What are these called?
What is this, and what are the instructions?
What numbers are on my lock right now?
What is in this cup?
Tell me what this meat is please.
Pretty cool. What is this?
What's this picture of and how does it look?  Question mark.
What is this and how big is it?
Is this my blue folder?
What kind of tracing is this?
Can you please tell me what the computer screen says within in the VMware workstation window?  Particular to see if there's any progress on the Windows installation.
What colors are on this hat, and is there writing?
Hello Vera, can you tell me any of the writing that you might be able to see on this bowl thanks.
What is those?
Sometimes it does this too.  It's great when it works, but when it doesn't, it's annoying.
How much do you think it is?
Could you please tell me what this is please, thank you?
Did you see a picture of a black dog lying on a bed?
Where can I find the directions for this whiz use?
What flavor of juice is this?
Which movie do you think is the best?
Can you please describe what is in this picture? Thank you.
Can you tell me what's on this envelope please?
Let me know if the camera too far away.
Does the tan scarf match this brown dress?
Could you please tell me the title of this book?
Does this pregnancy test show one or two lines in the result window?
Can somebody please tell me what's on the screen?
Can you tell what kind of hand creme this is?
What color is this fleece?
Can you tell me what the scale says please?
What does it say and what color is it?
Could you tell me what these tablets are, please?
How much is this Mike and Mickey Mouse clock worth?
Can you tell me what pill this is?
Color is this book?
Ok. There is another picture I hope it is a better one.
Hi. Please could somebody tell me what color this t-shirt is? I may have sent this question already but, I'm a first time user so, sorry about that.
what is this box
What is this that I just took a picture of?
Is that a hole?
what is it left and right bottom?
Are these regular or salt and vinegar chips?
Please tell me what color the hard drive is?
Hello, I wonder if you could tell me please what color this hair is? Thank you very much.
Could you tell me what's in this package please?
Test one.
Hi what is the name of the food that is in this package? Thank you.
are these mushrooms edible?
Can you tell me what book on audio CD this is?
Can you tell me the expiration date if you can see it on this milk cap?
Are you able to tell me how far the water is from the top of this pool?
What does the label say on this bottle? Thank you.
what's written here?
What is the picture on this map?
What color are these socks?
What's the five digit number of the top left corner?
What's in this packet, please?
Can you describe this item?
This is a test. Testing.
Where was this picture taken?
What movie is this? what movie is this?
I am in Vienna Austria and what to know is this normal soy milk or soy cocoa?
I'd like to know what kind of soup this is?
What are the characters on this captcha image, please?
Hey, how much in this can, please?
I lined up five dvd's, which one is my sound of music dvd?
What kind of Trail mix are these?
Can you tell me what these capsules are or these pills? If it's ibuprofen, Advil, or anything like that, please.
What color is this shirt and does it have any writing on the front side?
What is in front of me?
My crock pot, can you tell me what the settings are and what setting it is currently on? Thanks.
this is a test to evaluate the accuracy of this app.
Is this.
I'm trying to find an expiration date on this yogurt. Could you help me?
Okay, let's try the side of the bottle, you guys rock. How many milligrams for each tablet? Thanks.
The sky look like?
What's the brand of this calculator?
How hard is my penis?
What's on the cabinets?
WHat can be seen out this window please?
Is pink? Is pink?
Please tell me what these knobs are set to. The temperature control and the fan control.
Can you read for me the phone number?
What medicine is that?
Testing to make sure this is working.  Clothing study.
What type of horse?
Please read what's on the screen.
Is this creamy or crunchy peanut butter?
Can you read the make and model of the IPhone case?
What, what is the computer monitor displaying? Or what message is it displaying?
What is this a bottle of thank you
What kind of ?????? ? Thank you.
What is that a picture of?
Small can say
What is this? What's this?
Hi, guys. What did I take a picture of?
Is this
I'm trying to figure out what this phone is.
What's the pepper mint tea
Can you please what is seen on this page? Thank you.
Is my laptop booting or is there a problem?
mrs abibseed
What is the table number on this banquet ticket.
Package say?
What flavor is this energy bar?
The dark part of the sky indicate that there are storm clouds, or is that the edge of space?
Can you tell me if this is frozen ground beef or chicken?
Please can you tell me the title of the DVD, thank you?
What do I have it on now? I am looking for heavy.
What candies are these?
What's in the first line?
This is sky look like.
What tree is this from?
Wondering if you can see what the dimensions of this tape was. Thank you.
Which headphone is the pink one. The one on the left or the one on the right.
Is this a Coke or a Dr. Pepper?
Is there are picture on this box, or words?
does this outfit look coordinated?
Is this clam chowder?
What is this bar code?
What are the different colors of these stripes please, thank you?
What kind of soup is this? Thank you!
Can you tell what percentage the foreman has gone so far?  I need to know what percentage is showing as far as how much the drive has been formatted.
What things are on this menu?
Hi there guys, just wondering what the dosage would be for me as a twenty four year old of the item that I just took a picture of which should be a bottle of Gaviscon, thank you.
What is the answer to the math question?
New app test.
I'm lost, do ya'll see a beige trailer with green shutters?
what does the red box say?
What are the, what are the instructions on the screen?
can you see his shirt? what color is the leaf?
Hello there, can you please tell me whatever this is? Thank you
What is the picture of?
what kind of cereal is this?
What is the title?
What is this a picture of? From a new user.
I'm trying to get the expiration date on this milk.
What medicine is in this bottle?
Can you tell me what kind of chocolate this is?
What is this? But yes I'll fold it.
Are you able to see what the calories might be?
Can you tell me the cooking instructions of this food please?
What flavor of BCR is this please?
What language is this?
What is the suit of this card? It's an Ace of what? Thank you.
What is written on the screen?
What is can? Can you tell me what is in it please? Thank you.
I'm trying to learn to take better pictures. So, can you tell me in basic terms, which items are visible in the picture. Thanks.
What is the name of the color?
We can tell o
Can you see this image?
What species of dinosaur is this please?
What is the E.Q. number?
What is that color?
Can you tell me this apartment number please?
Hello, I'm just testing the camera on my iPhone. Could you please tell me what you see in this picture?
What can you see on this picture?
What color is my hat what does it say on my hat
Are you able to tell what kind this one is?
Hey, what does this shirt look like? Thanks, appreciate it.
What is this? I didn't know it was recording?
Can you please tell what's in this bottle?
Are these my blue or orange tennis shoes?
What is the name of this drink?
What colors do you see in this item.
Can you tell me what's in this can please?  Thank you.
This guy look like in this picture.
Where is B?
What flavor shake and bake is this?
Can you tell me who's on this baseball card, please?
What is the highest number?
What is in the soda?
hey there i hope this is okay this time whats in this bottle
What is in this bottle?  Thank you.
what kind of antiseptic is this?
Can you describe this painting?
What does this label say? Question mark. Is it turmeric?
What does this pregnancy test show? Positive or negative.
What color is this hat?
Hi, I'm trying to solve this captcha. Can you help me out? Can you tell me what you see in the captcha on the screen? Thank you.
Hi, is this cream of mushroom soup?
what is on my table?
Can you tell me what is on this photo?
How many alarms does this have on it
Is this lasagna, is this frozen dinner lasagna? I think I know how to cook it if it is. Thank you very much.
Can you see what color pants I'm wearing in the picture or do I need to take another photo?
what is behind the fence?
Still looking at same trousers but my question is now will this different color polo shirt still go with these trousers?
What is this chocolate?
How many gingerbread are on the shirt?
Hello. What kind of TV dinner is this? Thank you.
How much does this weigh?
What flavor rice o roni is this?
what color is that wall?
What color is this please? Thanks
Can you, Can you tell me what this is?
What kind of pop is in this can?
Can you read the serial number on this washer?
This is the last can. Can you tell me what this is? Thank you.
What button is Mountain Dew?
Do I have any missing calls?
Does this tray look clean?
What is this and which brand is it?
what is the current temperature?
Can you tell if this is lemon-aid or ice tea?
Which way should I rotate this can to make the label visible?
What is my computer showing now?
Which shirt is black?
please tell me the name of my medication
What does it say on this packaging?
Can you please tell me the title of this book?
Hello, could you please tell me what color that is? Thank you!
what time is it?
What color jammies is my granddaughter wearing?
Are my shoes on the correct feet?
OK, I turned the box over, maybe the writing is in English on this side?  Can you tell me what it says?  Thank you.
What is the cooking instructions for this product?
What is on this
Does it say on the label what this usher product is for?
what kind of spice is this, thank you?
what page number is visible? thank you.
Hi. Can you see the instructions in this photograph?
What color is this hoodie?
I know this is coffee, could you tell me what kind of coffee this is? What flavor?
face. I'm trying to ask him a question.
Could this be spaghetti sauce?
Can I use it on my face?
What flavor of cat food please?
Hi, I don't need you to read this I just need to know if this document is right side up or not. Thank you.
What color is this cane?
please identify the soda in this picture.
Can you see the character?
Can you please tell me the ETA or progress that Scan Disk has completed so far? Thank you very much.
i want to know the name of this cologne
Yes, what is this can?
Please tell me what this is, and if possible, any cooking instructions that you could see. Thanks.
See an expiration date on this milk carton
what kind of Keurig cup is this?
where is this coin from
What brand of toothpaste is this?
How many miles are on this car?
Please tell what the title of this book is. Thank you for your time.
What does this say and what should I do
Is there any numbers on this paper? And if so, please tell me what they are.
What is this a jar of?
What perfume is this?
Does anybody know what I've just photographed?
can you tell me what color this is and what patter is on it?
What frozen dinner is this, and can you see what the conventional oven temperature should be, and for how long?
What is the color and does it have any writing on it?
What does this look like? Thank you.
Is this better?
I would like to know what this thing that came out of the coffee part in the picture.
What are the oven cooking instructions for this hot pie?
What is the pattern of this woman's top, and what colors are in it?
Hi can you tell me if this package of coffee is caffeinated or decaffeinated? Thank you.
Is my computer at the login screen or is it still installing Windows? Thank you.
What does this say?What does this say?
How does my face look?
WHAT FLAVOR OF CAT FOOD PLEASE?
What is this message?
What do the clouds look like and what shape do you see in the clouds?
Hi, can you please tell me the numbers that are separated by colons. It should be zero zero five nine and then two or three other sets of numbers. Thank you.
Can you tell me the directions on this?
this what's this?
Is this better? Can you tell the flavor?
What does this can contain?
What color is the tennis shoes please?
Please tell me what color shirt this is. Thank you.
What kind of gum is this?
How many containers are over here?
Hi, can you tell me if this looks better?
IS this an Indian Santa figure?
Which sieve is healthy choice?
What's written in here?
Do i have a sock on and what color is it?
What is in this package? And if you can include a brand name, that would help. Thank you.
please explain what the label on my router says thank you.
What biscuits are these?
Is there any text readable on this screen?
Who designed this chair?
Is this an Apple product?
Where is the barcode on this packet?
Caffeinated or decaffeinated?
How do I cook this?
Yes, I would just like to know what the label is on this medication bottle and any dosage information.  Thank you.
Yes this is an HP laptop, a Probook. I need to know where the card reader is in relation to the keyboard. Please be as specific as possible. Thank you.
This is a crisp pocket. Can you tell me what the content's are please?
What's the name of this phone and the model please?
What color is this T-shirt?
Does he love me?
what is this bottle
Hi who is this?
Can you please tell me what flavor this is?
What color shirt is this that I have on?
Could you tell me what scent this is? Thank you.
what is cd?
What kind of cheese is this? Thank You.
What building are we in?
What is in this can? I think it is bread crumbs, but I am not sure. Thanks.
What's the brand of these shoes?
Can you tell me how much time is left on this timer?
Does this picture look bad?
What is this? thank you.
What is returning this paper?  Why is it returning this paper?
Can you tell me what's in front of me?
Is this a skillet or mixed vegetables?
What type of water is this?  What brand of water is this?  And what water brand do you have where you are?   And what time is it?
Can you tell me if there are any photos on the CD cover and if so can you give me a description of them?
What brand and type of multivitamins is it, and can you read the label, please?
What are the baking instructions?
What does this look like and what color is it?
Can somebody tell me what kind of TV this is?
What is the value of this artwork?
What is the total on this bill?
Can you please tell me the serial number on this apple keyboard?
What is this rock called?
What kind of bagels are these?
what is the product in this package?
Hopefully this is a better picture, I'd like to know what the bag that I'm holding is of? Hello?
Sorry. I'll try again. Would you call this material turquoise? Yes or no? Thank you.
Can you read this cart number?
Is this gross?
What brand of candy is this?
Is the sign right?
What are these bottles for?
What do you think of this silver belt buckle? What do you think of this silver belt buckle?
What type or flavor of coffee is this please
What color is this Christmas paper?
what color is the shirt?
What flavor and brand of k cup is this please?
What type of K Cup is this?
What brand of Noodles are these?
I need a number that is on this card. It should be a long number with several digits and there is also a verification code that is three digits.
What kind of Hot Pockets are these?
How full is this bottle?
Which flavor chips are these please? Thank you.
What book is this, or what kind of book is it?
What flavor are these sausages?
what is being displayed on the screen
Could you tell me what the label on that bottle says please?  Thank you.
Can you read me the model on the back of the iPhone?
Is the number of model.  Model number what's?
What kind of unknown: tossamo? coffee is this?
What animal is this animals?
Wat is that, please?
What's on the screen?
What's in this can?
Can you see actually the whole screen now and did it actually change when I hit enter?
Price of this object made lady Alaskan Eskimos. Done.
which one is the green one please. thank you
what is the shape of this cookie cutter?
On this air conditioner, how is the thermostat set?
Okay lets try this again. Can you tell me what's in this package? Thank you.
What kind of cat is this?
What is on this shirt?
Can you tell what this bottle is?
Hi this is a washing machine. Can you help me out with, when I hold the button? Thank you.
Specifically what card is this, and is it right side or upside down? Thanks.
What color is my shirt and necklace?
What's this a picture of?
Do you see a label on this meat package of what it might be? thank you.
What brand of water is this?
Is the text in this book page inverted and is the page number visible? Thank you.
What temperature is this set to?
Just answer anything.
What is the color I have in my hand?
What flavor cereal is this? This is the last box.
Is there a model number on this fridge or does it just say Emerson?
Could you read what's on this charger?
what book is this?
Please tell me the model number from this label on this oven.
What princess is this?
What does it see?
Can you tell me the price of this computer please?
Is it the best?
Display say?
Hi.  I know this is captain america.  I was just wondering, because I took a picture another time and you said it was captain america, but I already knew it.  Did you know
Does the tag say?
What are the shapes of these gray storm clouds and what is the layout of them?
What, what temperature is this set on? Thanks.
Are these bad for me?
Can you see the deal?
what is the card that im holding in my hand ?
What type of label is this and what does it say?
What does my blood pressure read
Does this quarter sleeve look alright with the actual shirt and the capris?
What color this shirt?
I'm looking at what inch this is, where it comes up to the ruler there, it doesn't have to be exact, just the what inch, the nearest inch that is, thanks.
Can you tell what's in this bottle now?
Is this peas or corn?
It is laptop.
This box, what flavor is it?
Is this form filled out or is it blank?
What flavor soda is that please?
What meal is this?
What color is this necklace please? Thank you.
so how long do I cook this in the microwave
How long do I cook this in the microwave
What kind of color and pattern of shirt this is?
Hopefully, this time people are listening to the question. I know this is a picture on the wall. I need to know if it is right side up or upside down. Last time.
Hi, what kind of pizza is in the box my right hand?
Okay, here's a test, and let's see.
Can you tell me what bill that is please?
Can you please describe this label to me? Thank you.
Is this brown or white rice?
this product
what color are the pants?
What are the warnings on this bottle?
What kind of chocolate Santa is this?
What is the text on this item?
What does it show on this computer monitor. Screen or laptop monitor please tell me how to fix it eg moving camera up or moving camera down.
What does it say on the display?
What colors are in this material?
I need to see this mixture is a MX602A or if it's a 12002FX. If you can see it somewhere on there, that might indicate the model number.
What does the middle sign say?
my speech isn't working, can you tell me what's on this screen? Thank you.
What does this say on this?
Whats the name written on the key?
Can you see the results of this test stick? Should be a smiley or a circle. Thank you.
Read me the paper.
These are all five DVD's again, which one is The Sound of Music?
What color is the arm band?
What color is the wall?
How many cars are on each shelf? Thank you for what you did.
What sandwich flavor is this? I know it's a sandwich, what flavor is it?
What is the sum of this money?
Describe what you can see of this person to me.
What flavor oatmeal is this?
Color is this.
I'm trying to tell the model number and serial number for a clothes dryer, thank you.
Can you tell me what this food item is?
Could you tell me the sodium content of this tin?
Color is this? What color is this?
What kind of battery is this?
What color is the headband, please?
Are the stripes red?
may i have the amount of water the amount of milk the baking time and temperature for this mix
What's this guy look like in this picture?
WHAT COLOR IS THIS?
Can you tell me the flavor?
Can you tell me the sodium content level of this can of food?
Let's try this one more time. Now what kind of sweetener is this?
What's on this t-shirt?
What would help me fetch that?
What kind of cereal is this please? Thank you.
What shade of blue is this?
What are the cooking instructions for the
What type of nuts are these?
I'm not sure if this is either laundry detergent, or fabric softener, thank you.
tell me about color.
Hi there.  Can you tell me if this syringe is set for 10 CCs?  If it's not, is it a little bit above or a little bit below? Thank you.
What is the name and manufacturer serial number of this CCTV?
Special K bars are these?
Can you tell what flavor this is?
Is this for black coffee?
What's on my computer screen?
what is this coin?
Is this packaged food chicken breasts or ground chicken?
What these?
What is grandma's favorite game. bingo.
What is the color of the glass and the frame?
Okay I think I got it this time. Can you read the model and serial number for me? Thanks.
Yes this is a picture of a boat, I need to determine where the on/off switch is?
Am I closer to the heavy cycle now? I went up about ten clicks.
Does this say?
What color is this candle?
What's the exit?
Can you tell what information is on the bus stop?
What items can you see in this picture?
Is this a bus stop? I'm looking for a bus stop and what does this sign say?
What kind of can food is this?
What does the lid say?
Can you tell me if this is like body wash or lotion or something like that?
What flavor of coffee is this please? Thank you.
What action is currently selected?
read the information the button please
What's in the bag?
Please identify this box.
What kind of sandwich is this? Thank you.
Is it bright and sunny out there?
just a quick idea on this please
What is this a picture of please? thank you.
Is this the display of the treadmill?  Can you tell me the distance and miles please?
Can you tell what kind of pills these are?
Can you please read the temperature on this thermostat? Thank you!
What is it
Is this fabric blue or white?
Whats the weather like?
Is this pizza?
What does this say? What does this say?
Who is the person is this photo? What was their description?
Is the number on the back of this card?
Tell me if there's text what it says on this computer screen, please?
is this deerpark or soda?
What do these look like?
Hi, thanks for help. What is this bottle of whiskey?
Would this polo shirt go with these trousers?
What kind is this please?
Can you tell me the orders of the buttons on this remote control?
Is there any picture on this blanket?
Can you tell me what this meat is, thank you?
What veniburg old letters in picture?
Can you gimme any details on that picture please?
Is this regular or decaf coffee?
What kind of ball is this?
Hi. I know it's body butter. What fragrance flavor is it please? Thank you.
What kind of crackers are these?
I think this is an instruction manual for a gift I got. I'm trying to figure out exactly what the gift is. So can you see anything in the instruction manual and tell me what sort of an item this is? Thank you.
what kind of sugar is this?
What kind of pie is this?
Can you please tell me this card?
Please can you tell me what whiskey this is?
What is the degree?
What is the label of this din?
Could you please tell me what color this is skirt is that I'm wearing, thank you.
What's being displayed on my screen?
What does the caption say?
is he taking a picture of this
What flavor is this dinner? I know it's a smart one.
So the brand on the box is seafood hearty crab cakes?
ON the label for this Yogi Tea product does it say what type of tea product it is? For example, like bedtime, or for stomach, or one for relaxation.
What color is that, please? What color is that, please?
Sorry about that; I am trying to get this lined up here. Can you tell me what kind of soup this is?
Is this the Knight Rider box set disk 1?
Read this thing on the product
Is this the shampoo?
What does this? What is the flavor of this ice cream?
What is the screen saying?
temperature setting on my thermostat
What color is this coat?
Can you read this bottle?  Oh, no.
Can you please tell me what kind of Girl Scout cookies are in this box? Thank you.
Is this catalina regular or catalina free?
What temperature is selected?
Cold you please tell me what type of Hea;thy Choice dinner this is? Thanks
What do the directions say on the bag?
Is the river visible?
What does this surface look like? Thank you.
Is there a closet on this wall?
Yes, I just need to know what the word is in this captcha image.
IS IN THIS BOX?
Whats in the can please.
Can you tell me what this file says?
I believe this is silver oak.  What year is it?
What do I look like in this photograph?
What is this jar? Thank you!
What color is this please.
Yeah I think that worked.  Yeah did it change screens.  Wait not yet.  I got that once to.
What is the thermostat set to?
Hello, could you please tell my wife to call her daughters?  Thank you.
They look like puffy gray clouds, or storm gray clouds.
What color is this tee shirt?
What kind of coffee is this?
What is the color of the fat?
How many watts is this amplifier?
How should I use this product?
this is a screen shot of my iphone...
Can you tell me what this product is?
Can you please tell me what the computer screen says?
Can you see the label on this package to tell me if it's sausage or ground beef?  Thank you.
Which pair of pants is khaki?
What is the relation between these three houses?
blank audio
I want to know about this medicine. When is it expired?
Hi folks, I'm just wondering what this can is? I'm trying to locate a can of beans here.
See anything?
what is that and what color is it
Can you tell the temperature?
Can someone tell me what kind of flag this is and what country?
Hello and what kind of flavor of dinner is this one? Thanks a lot for your help.
Please tell me what kind of card this is.
Are these fully cooked sausages?
Shirt look like?
Is this picture better?
What is the eleven digit number at the bottom?
What does it say on this box?
What is that object. Thank You.
What kind of flour is this?
Is the meat brown yet?
is this right side up or up side down?
Please describe what you can see.  Thank you very much.
What page number is displayed? Thank you.
Can you tell me if this is the acid fertilizer or the one for roses  thank you.
Can someone tell me what this item is before I wrap it as a Christmas gift? Thank you.
What is this? Is this a bottle of pop?
What kind of oatmeal is this?
Is there a Captcha?
Can you tell me what type of savings discount card this may be, please?
What color are these shoes and top?
What is the design on this shirt?
identify this jar please
Does this medicine treat fever?  Thank you.
What kind of brand is this remote control?
What does this milk say?
is this on air, fan, or dehumidifier?
My phone messed up on me. I took a new picture. And, I held the camera closer. Can you tell me what the package is please. Thank you.
What make is that tv
Are there hidden instructions with this?
What is this oil lamp called?
Is it plasma?
What does she look like, and hopefully this isn't blurry again?
What kind of item is this? Mini fans.
What dollar bill is this?
Can you tell what is in this bag or if there's anything in print that you can read?
Can you tell me what flavor of shampoo this is please? Thank you.
I have a question, can you tell me what time, what this is and how many buses does it have on it?
How do I make this?
Is my light on? Is my light on?
What is on the front?
What is on the sheet of paper? Thank you.
Where are the keys?
Can you tell me what these ones say?
What is the name of the button on top of this modem?
Would you be able to read what this says? Thank you.
What team is that for?
Are these shoes acceptable for springtime?
What color is this box?
What kind of M
What number is this bill?
Can you tell me how to make this in the microwave?
what does that paper say?
What is this piece of mail?
Nicole, what is this a picture of?
What are in these jars from left to right?
What color is the nightstand?
What does it say on the bottle?
Please read the text on the pack.
What color is this vase?
How many thus?
Do you see a keyboard now with a model number?
What brand of beer is this bottle?
What is this and what is recent there?
Can you tell me what screen this is?
This product
Can you tell me what the scale says?
What kind of soup is this? Now it will take a minute for that to get processed, and then I'll be able to send my question. I choose where I send it to. There is a web based...
Please tell me what this dryer is set to.
What color is this stapler?
What's in this can?  Thanks for your help in advance.  I really appreciate it.
Does it still say loading Windows or is it to the restore?
Hey I'm trying to get my satellite dish up and going but I need to tell the customer representative what my tv screen says. So what kind of text are we looking at if any.
Do my clothes match?
This is the display of a treadmill, could you tell me the distance in miles please?
Please describe this page. Thank you.
Now can you see the order number for this necklace and bracelet, and this Avon booklet?
How do I connect with people at Bizwhiz?
What is on the monitor?
Can you tell me what the information is on this wine bottle label?
What kind of books are on the shelf? Thank you.
Do these socks match in color?
what's on this label?
I'm looking for the password from this device.  It's a seven to nine digit number and it may not say password and I think starts with two three one but it's a seven to nine digit thing.
Do you see on this fridge?
Can you tell me what this button is that my finger is touching?
Is this orange or grapefruit oil?
Which way do I turn the dial so it's on auto?
So can you please tell me what kind of lunch meat this is?
In the bottle.
What is my computer screen showing now?
Which flavor of Pop Tarts are these?
Can you tell me what the serial number is?
Can you tell me what type of shaving lotion this is?
What is in this can? Thank you in advance.
What brand dog food is this?  Thank you.
What are the directions for this entree?
What kind of Tossimo coffee is this?
What kind of vegetables are these?
How many pink lines are on this test strip? Even if one line is much lighter than the other, as long as it's pink, it counts.
What is this cable for?
Is the label showing on this bottle and what medication is in this bottle?
Can you tell from the side how many ounces this is?
What does this rock say and is there anything on it? Thank you.
Does the computer screen say?
Can you tell me what is on this shirt?
What is on the screen and do I have to hit anything to make it go past this?
What dvd is this?
What is the film called for the actor on the screen?
Name of this?
what is the name of this product ?
Is this an orange SIM card?
What type of shampoo is this?
Could you tell me what's in this box?
What color are my shorts?
What can I take a picture of?
What is the product contained in the box that is in the picture?
Is there a password in this router?
Is the finger on the red positive terminal or black negative terminal?
it should be a picture
What color are these ropes from top to bottom?
Can you please tell me what this city is called?
Yes, this is a Google Street View. I need a description,, as detailed as possible, of the image, and I need to know if there's a bus stop visible.
What kind of mouse is this?
Am I still at the login screen and if I am how do I get to the user name BBM99756 using keyboard commands only
Yes, I need to determine what the captcha image on this photo is, thank you.
What is this bank note?
What is this spice and what color is it?
What flavor cereal is this box?
Is this Waza fiber crackers, or some other type of cracker?
What is the phone model?
What is visible on this photo?
Hi. This is Brian. I want to ask if it's possible to see what brand this bottle is. Thank you.
what kind of pudding is this?
What is this bottle of?
What is it in the picture?
Hello, can you tell me what color these bananas are?
I wonder if you could provide me with the expiration date on this product.
Can you please tell me what is on my computer screen?
What color is this product?
Is the sun still out?
What brand of baby wipes are these?
What is it say on this tag?
What is this?  Is this the moon?
Can you please tell me the directions for this medication, please?  Thank you.
What's on the back of that card?
What is this image?
What's on this book?
On this shelf.
Can you see the expiration date?
Is that a tape recorder?
Is this lotion or body wash?
What is the label on this package?
Are these red or green balls?
WHat kind of milk is this, please?
Can you tell me which one is shampoo body wash and conditioner?
How many calories doe this have?
What is the color for this keyboard?
What website would I go to help out with this? I would to be a part of this.
Can you tell me what kind of spray this is because I think it's something for on your skin but it doesn't smell or anything like there's no perfume in there, and usually those things
can you tell me, by looking at the serial number in the picture, what kind of software this is?  Thank you
IS there shampoo or shower gel in this bottle please?
Any visible text on this screen currently?
Read the name of the soup.
What are the cooking instructions for the oven?
What's the general theme of these books?  Thanks.
Just want to know what is on that label. Thank you.
How full is this bottle and... can you tell what the label says?
What does the top of this pamphlet say?
Can you tell me what kind of frozen dinner that is? Thank you.
What color?
what's in this can?
What does the writing on the can say?
Hi, I know the print is small but can you read what color this outfit is on the label I just took a picture of? Thank you.
Is the sweater a solid color?
Is this a can of chilli?
What bill is that.
What's on the breast of this collared shirt?
From what you can see of the shirt in this photo, would you classify it as casual or business casual or I wouldn't be caught dead wearing this?  Also, does it match the pants?  Thanks.
What is this ISBN number?
What color is this, ehm
What color is that, please?
This ideas, or I mean, what this card is.
Okay sorry I messed up the recording initially here. This I guess is a KC Pride Beef Steak. Right it is a steak and that's what I wanted to know. I'm just making sure this is recording so I'm doing it again.
What kind of wine is this?  What wine is it?
How did France establish territorial claim in North America?
Simplify the following instructions - one thirds times seven tenths.
Is the computer screen asking to repair or is it doing disk check
Is this okay?
What is this? I am testing this program. Thank you very much.
What's in this bucket? Chris, please, what flavor are there other? Thank you.
What is a picture?
can you please describe this card to me and its orientation? thank you.
Can you please tell me what the three buttons are from left to right? Thank you.
What do this guy look like in this photo?
Is this good enough to wear to a job intervieW? thank you.
what color is this dinosaur?
I'm trying to figure out where I am on the computer. I think i'm in the boot menu and I want to boot from my flash drive or removable disk something like that.  So see if you can tell me if i'm there.
Are there chemicals in this product?
Is this? What is this? I don't know.
Can you please tell me what color that is?
what kind of wine is this
Hi, is that still the windows login screen? It doesn't seem to be moving anywhere, thanks.
What color is this blanket?
What's on top of the coffee table?
What's that paper say?
What popsicle is this?
What does this kitty cat look like? Please tell me the colors and his position.
Whose Jersey is that and what team did he play for?
What's in the scare?
What's the length of a cane?
What does this screen look like?
What brand of wine is that box? And thanks for your help in advance.
How long do I cook it for?
Is this a different screen or is this still a license agreement?
What are these two packages please?
Where's the shirt of the person in the photo?
Is this Tilex, or what bottle, what spray bottle is this?
okay i turned it over can you tell me what the conventional over instruction are do you have to punch holes in the top and what is the temputure of the number and minutes for a conventional over thank you very much
How do I turn this treadmill on?
What is in the cup?
What does this captcha say?
What does my shirt say?
It says recording. What color is this marker?
What items are check marked on this card?
What does this say, question mark?
what kind of bill is this?
Can you please tell me what's in this food envelope?
What's the selected options?
Where is the silver please?
Can you please tell me what the little LCD says, and if it has any error message on it? Thank you.
Can you see the phone number that is on the paper? It is a toll free number. What is that number, please?
Trying to take a picture of this bottle of wine.
What kid of tassimo coffee is this?
Someone tell me what is this gift before I wrap it as a Christmas present.  Thank you.
What kind of frozen dinner is this?
One more try with this label to see if we can figure out what it is.
What is this game?
I just want to know the particulars of this tablet. Thank you.
WHAT DO YOU SEE OUTSIDE THE WINDOW?
what is this box please?
Face your eyes toward to this test. Which kind of eyes is this?
What flavor are these popper dons?
Can you please tell me what kind of tea or coffee this is.
And now it goes dead.
I can't find my cup. Where is my cup?
What is this dish?
What is the answer to the math problem?
What kind of fruit is this?
Flavor of cat food please.
Is it boiling yet?
What flower is this?
What's the directions?
Are these sausages cooked? Thank you.
What color is this magazine?
Is this a beer can?
What color is it?
What color is the doll?
Store is this?
What's the name of this please?
what's on the screen?
What is that, please?
How does the sky look?
Please identify this.
What's the name of this phone, and model please?
Hey, what kind of salad dressing is this please?
Which one of the three images is the Google logo?
Can you read the label on the bottom of this bottle please?
What does this can say?
What type of plant is this?
What kind of computer is this?
What kind of a soda is this?
yes could you please tell me what this box contains? thank you
Can you tell us what this card say please? Thank you, you guys are doing a great job.
What type of vitamins are these?
Jim has a collection of 120 medals.
Yes this is a website that is inaccessible with text and I need a summary of the text in this image.
What, What is on the screen?
Which drink is this?
What are the instructions?
What does this package contain.
Can you read what is on the bottle?
Does it say how much equals one egg?
Can you tell me what's in this bottle?
What am I sitting on?
What is this stuffed animal?
Is this good for sore throat?
Sorry about that. What's in this can?
What scent is this
What are the characters in this picture?
Can you please describe this card and then is it upside down?
I want to know how about the power of this recorder? Thank You
What is the product name for this box?
Okay, I wish there was a better way to this. If you can see it now, what are the instructions, or even the brand name of the lasagna?
What is the cem, what is the computer screen showing?
What kind of salsa is this?
what is this can?
Why don't we feel the earth's movement as it is rotating?
What kind of kool-aid is on this counter?
What kind of write is this?
What kind of, what kind of flower is this?
What kind of ??
what is the brand and most especially type of this supplement
How clean is this?
Do you see the river from there, from this perspective?
VizWiz, what is this?
Can you tell what's in the box now?
type of sugar is this?
Who makes this Victoria Secret bra?
What color are these beads?
Just testing
What color's the jumper?
Can you tell me what this item is, please?
What's this product?
I'm sorry I'm in the hospital and I'm trying to get this set up so that I can use it for accessibiliy. What does the screen show? Give a general idea, thank you.
What flavor of rice is this please?
Thank you very much.
Could you please tell me what flavor this is? Thank you.
What kind of chicken is this? Is it chicken legs? Chicken breasts?
Hi.Is any text visible in this photograph , any images or anything like that? Just even one word or two, would give me an idea. Thanks.
What denomination note is this?
Is my TV on? I have one more question. What is the history of your company? Can you give me a brief history? I'm curious.
Will you describe this label please?
I'm looking for the brand name on these. Someone told me to turn them over, send a new, show, take a picture of the other side.
What does this thermostat say?
is it shift?
What color top is this?
Hi, there are three buttons, one on top of the other. And one should be heat, one should be cool, and one should be off. Could you tell me which one, which one's which? Thank you.
What are the letters I need to enter in?
Can you describe this shirt? Thanks.
I mean is it good what I'm wearing today?
What type of vegetables are these? Thank you.
What sign is this?
Hello. Could you tell me what the writing on this CD is, please? Could you read it to me?
Okay, this is a different box. Because I bought one of each kind. And this one I think should be tapioca. Thanks in advance.
Can you tell me what's in that bottle?  Hopefully you can..
is there a button that i'm supposed to push on this?
What number is shown?
What do you guys see in the camera in the picture?
What is this? I don't get that I had to call. Can you get that back to me?
What is the source of this image?
Can you identify this for me, please?
What kind of spice is this?
What flavor is this?  I know that it's Green Mountain coffee.
What is in this kitchen?  In this room?
What color are these shoelaces please?
How much?
Could you tell me what's on this can?
What are these instructions on this bottle?
What kind of milk is this?
Is there a key code on this Office 2010 disk?
What's the name of the mouse brand?
What's our school mascot?
what is this bottle please?
What logo is this?
Can you please read this tag on this curtain to let me know if it says it can be washed or dry cleaned? Either one, thank you.
Ask the question. What is this?
Which K cups contain coffee?
Who manufactures this product? Where is it available?
What is the oven temperature?
What is this question?
Here is number four again.
What color is this room?
Can you tell me if these have a pattern on them?
Can you tell me the order of this, like shampoo, conditioner?
Could you tell me what this item is? Is it a cd, and could you tell me what is the title of the cd?
try to identify this can?
What does this say? I am looking for the instructions.
what is this an image of
What is this used for?
Tell what this is?
What are enormous cities or very densely popular areas that include several cities?
Is this for skin?
What was on that page? I did not hear your or I did not understand the response
What flavor of cat food is this?
What is this set on now?
I need to determine the word in the captcha image.  Thank you.
What is the?
Awesome, that would really help. Thank you, bye.
What video game is this one?
What do I decide?
Here are the 2 shirt again, little bit farther away, they are the same material just wanted to double check if they are the same color
Will you tell me what this captcha says
Which drink is this, please?
Can you read me the instructions for this medicine bottle?
What is the text on this screen?
This is a treadmill display. Could you please tell me the distance?
What does this thermostat read?
CAN YOU TELL ME WHAT IT SAYS EXACTLY? MARVEL DELIGENCE AND THEN WHAT DOES IT SAYS AFTER THAT, WHAT NAME?
Can you tell me what is on this screen? Is it the desktop or something else?
May I know what is in this can please?
What flavor of Koolaid is this?
WHAT INGREDIENT TO I NEED?
Is this air conditioner on fan, dehumidify or air conditioning?
Can you please tell me what this card is?
Are you able to tell what temperature I have this on?
Is is sunny outside? And what time does the sun set in Dallas, Texas?
What's the name of the CD? No, I'm recording a question.
Quest was that please?
how much is this?
What is in front of me? Can you tell what is in front of me, can you tell what I am looking at? Thank you.
What is this a?
What's this case?
What make is this laptop?
What's written on this label?
Please tell me what these two knobs are set to.
My screen reading software has stopped speaking. Can you see any obvious errors messages on the screen?
What is this in the screen, please.
Display say.
Yes. This is a picture of the back of a handset on a phone. I need to know what the labels of the buttons on this handset are that are visible. Thank you.
What color is this bandanna?
What does this say on the bottle?
What does this picture say?
What is this and how do you cook it?
Can you tell me what the conventional oven temperature and number of minutes for this frozen dinner food. Thank you
Is this the world or U.S. map?
Please tell me the name of this bottle.
I was wondering if she's wearing camo, and if so what color is it?
Hi, what type of tea is this?
I just want to make sure this is working on my iphone so just tell me know what you see in front of the camera, thank you.
What canned good is this? i know it is a can
can you tell what this says?
What snack is this?
What flavor of cup of noddle is this?
What's this can?
Hey there can you please tell me what flavor this pasta sauce is. Thank you.
Is it curd?
What kind of purse is this?
Please tell me what color is it?
I hope I got it right this time. What kind of soup is this?
What is the serving size, and how many calories per serving.
What is this? And it's saying recording, are you through recording?
Does anyone know what kind of dog this is?
Can you tell me what this paper says?
What is this? What brand is it?
could you describe this poster to me?
What is this thingee?
Color is the sunset?
Can you please tell me what color this shirt is? Thank you.
What color is this yarn please?
What does the truck in this picture look like?
What does it look like outside? Thank you.
I know this is coffee creamer, are you able to tell what flavor?
What color is this trash can?
Color is this
Is the product more in focus now so the expiration date is visible?
Can you please tell me what that is? Thank you.
What is the box title?
What kind of ram is this?
What kind of pizza is this?
Does this thing work with the I pad?
You see anything different now on the screen? Does the computer tell me i need to do anything?
What kind of dog food is this, please?
What's in this box? Wh
Would it help if there was more light I wonder or is it just because this camera is so bad?
What is the color of the wall in this picture?
Can you please tell me what this screen says? Thank you very much.
This apple or orange.
What's on the outside of this box?
Ok, move the box to the left. Can you read the label now if it says calming or bedtime? That would be the flavor of the tea, the herbal.
How many coffees am I allowed to drink per day?
Can you tell me the content of this notice?
What numbers are on the display
A map key should tell what the symbols on the map mean. What does a small blackened dot usually represent?
Can you tell me what this is? Is it tomatoes? Or enchilada sauce?
How color?
What brand is this and what is it?
What kind of drink is this? THank you.
What item is this?
Hi. Are these tinned tomatoes, please?
Where is the can of Lysol on this shelf? Give me some directions so I can find it, thanks.
what this card is?
Would you say that the lamp in the right hand corner, I'm not sure if you can see it in the photograph, is giving this room, not necessarily enough light, but it's light, or would you say it's still very, very dull? Thank you.
Who made this product?
What is this item on the wall?
How does this picture look of my tree, question mark?
Whats the reason?
Ok i'll try this again.  What drinks can I make with this?
WHEN DOES THIS NOSE SPRAY EXPIRE?
What color are these stones?
Okay, so what kind of card is this?
Can you tell me what kind of candy bar this is?
What color is this pants?
Ok, I just hit a button on the satellite remote. What does it say now on the screen?
Please describe the colors in this chart?
The first book of the iron curtain.
What exactly is that object that I photographed? It's a bottle, but I'm not quite sure what kind of bottle.
What are the settings on the dial?
Where is my harry potter 2 dvd in spanish?
what is this bottle?
You gonna take that.
What is this?  What is this product?
What does the sticker on this card say if it's visible in this photo?
I'd like to know how many steps I took? If you can't read it tell me if I need to go up or down or what to do
Hi, I'm holding a can of food. Could you tell me what this can is and could you find out if you're able to see the sodium levels in this?
What this that picture?
what is this a statue of
what color is this jumper
Why does it just stay dark?
What is the price off this UPC?
I'm attempting to install mac os 10.7. do you see any dialogue boxes requiring me to perform anything now at this point?
Please read the directions on the box lemon bar directions.
Which one of these is the colored ink cartridge and which one is the black and white cartridge?
Can you tell me what this is? I hope I've took the picture right, and thank you, this is a wonderful application.
What bus number is on this map?
What does the small label on this disc say?
I was wondering if you could please decode this image for me, it's a captcha? Thanks in advance.
This is a Playstation 3 game. I do not know which one. Identify it if you can.
What color is this shirt please?
I would like to know what this jar contains, please. Thank you.
On the table, if not, can you tell me which way to take the camera? Bit closer, or further away, or what?
What is the title and artist of this CD?
What is this piece of fruit?
What did it show on the screen?
What? What is this?
What number is the needle pointing to please
what color is the blankets
What should we eat for lunch?
Is this side empty?
What does this television screen say?
Can you tell me what is in this bottle please?
Can you tell me what kind of flower this is?
What's this
What do you think about this cordless phone?
What color is this jumper?
the white puffy cloud look like a thin line or is it more circle shaped?
What flavor are these crisps? Thank you.
What denomination of money is this?
Can you determine what kind of hot cereal this might be? Thanks for your help.
Hi can you tell if this page has my boarding pass on it? Thanks.
What is this canned good?
What is this? yeah? And then the idea is that
What flavor of Poptarts are these?
What medication is in this box?
What does this dog look like?
what's this picture?
What website am I at?
Can you see any other identifying information on the packet, such as instructions with the day or night tablets, or what the tablets are for?
Can you tell me if this is shampoo or conditioner or what it is? Thank you.
What record album is this and can you hear my question?
What is the answer to the problem?
What is this on the paper?
What flavor of cake up is this?
What's in this box?
Can you tell me whats on this CD?
Once again I need you tell me what kind of trail mix this is? I'm getting it as part of a gift so I don't want to confuse them. Thanks.
Can you please tell me what the computer screen says?  Thank you very much.
Is my toilet dirty
Oh, OK.  Oh, I should have known.  It's just -- blonde. Not kidding.  Thank you. I can go now. I know what it is. I can use it now.  I thought it was something else.
Please tell me what about this one? What about this one?
What is written on the bottle?
Which kind of ice is this?
What kind of cereal bars are these?
Could you please tell me what this is? Thank you.
What packet of food is this?
What do you say?
What is in this tube? What does the label say on this tube? Thank you.
what is this? Thank you
What is the password shown in this captcha?
Hello there. What CD is this?
Okay this is a little bit different just send it back as a regular email so you dont have to replay this way itll come back to my phone. sending you the picture
What is this picture of please? Thank you.
where is this picture
Please tell me year this is. It's either 1845, or fall of ESP, that would be fall of 1845 as well. Thanks.
What do you see on the computer monitor?
Can you tell me what kind of meat is in this package?
What are the letters to enter in to obtain the prize?
What's color?
What is this set to?
what are the cooking instructions for these?
What is the service tag?
What is the captcha code?
what is this and how many things are in each shelf?
How are these buttons laid out?
What color was that please?
what kind of dog is this
Are there any birds in the tree?
is there anything on the screen
what is the title of the CD?
Record What is this?
What is this item? Thanks for your help.
Do you see any chair?
What's in the box?
What's that? Who's that?
What kind of TV dinner is this and it's not cheese enchilada?
What's in front of me right now?
Hello. This is a test. This is a test. This is a test.
Could you please tell me the color of this?
What kind of watch is this
Can you tell me what this is a bottle of? What is this bottle of?
Is this regular, or decaf, espressp?
What product is in this bottle?
What does this business card have on it?
Number to the highlighted text.
can you tell what this is?
Can you read the screen to me? THanks.
Okay, this supposed to be vitamins. What kind of vitamins are these?
What CD is this?
Where is the flash memory?
What is the figure that you see on this shirt?
What is this picture on the wall of?
What temperature is the dial set to?
Can you recognize this bottle? If so, what does it say?
Which number do I need to dial for emergencies?
Does a disk?
What is the total of this receipt?
What is the flavor of this?
This is whiskey.  Can you tell me what kind it is or the age?  Thanks.
What chocolates are these?
Can someone tell me what that is?
What time is this play?
I've changed the box, or turned it around.  Can you make the expiration date out now?
What product is this
what kind of can is this?
What does this shirt say?  What does it look like?
Hi, can you read any of this? I'm trying to identify pages from one another, and if there's a lot of text you don't have to read all of it, but you could just read enough to identify it. Appreciate it, thank you.
Can you tell me what kind of phone this is and can you also tell me what kind of charger does it take?
This guy look like in this photograph
WHAT IS FRONT OF THIS MANUAL
What color is this rug?
You can say whatever you want.
What kind of wine is this? Like Rioja, or Cabernet, or something like that.
You have already said this is Captain America and your right. I was wondering, how can you tell it's Captain America?
Can you tell me what color my shirt is?
What kind of broth is in this Campbell's box?
Hi can you tell me what kind of wine this is please thanks very much
What are the cooking instructions on this?
What's on this screen really?
Is this decaf or flavored coffee? If flavored, which flavor is it?
Can you see what denomination of UK note this is?
What color is my short and tie?
Is this a regular coke or a diet coke?
Which color does the folder have?
what is in this container?
What is, what does this, that, label say, if you can see it?
Hi what kind of chips are these? Thank you.
This is the display of a treadmill, can you tell me the distance in miles please.
What flavor are these, please?
Is this product suitable for a nut allergy person to eat?
What color are these overalls?
Yeah I'm trying to use this new service. What is in this can?
What color is this? thank you.
Is there an ID on this cot?
what is this can? is it a sprite or mountain dew?
Hi, can you tell me what's in this package please? Thank you.
can you read the words on this charger
What does this caption say?
Is this dry clean only
Hi ya, wonder if you could tell me what's in this microwave meal. It's not very well lit in this kitchen I'm afraid.I don't know if the flash is on or off on the camera anyway. Maybe you could let me know, thanks.
What kind of tablet is this?
can you read this map on the bottle.
What movie is this poster for?
I obviously recorded, or took the photo of the wrong thing. I'm trying again. Could you please tell me what kind of coffee this is? I know it's Keurig, but what flavor? Thank you.
what is this product?
Hi.  Could you please tell me what's in this box?  Thank you very much.
What is that on the package?
What kind of Tic Tacs are these?
I'm trying to find out how to cook these damn chicken and dumplings. Any way you can view them instructions on here please?
this box?
What is the name of the?
please identify the type of detergent
What is...What is the name on this stocking?
What can you show me what is in the screen please?
What are the instructions to baking this?
Hi, what is the model number of this Olympus recorder, please?
This contains the main movie?
What is this booklet about?
Can you provide to me any cooking instructions based on this image on the package?
Please tell me what is this object.
What's the model of this mobile phone? Do you know?
Hola hola
This candle
How much do you charge for this service?
Just say anything.
Can you tell me what this is and what the conventional number of degrees of the oven and number of minutes.
Can you see what that label is on that can of coke? I'm just wondering if it's something that got stuck there or a voucher or something like that. Thanks.
Is this a lasagna?
what is the expiration date of this milk
What kind of yogurt is this?
Who's the mail for?
What color bottle is this?
Can I have a descriptions of the clouds and sky in this picture?
Can you tell me the specific scent or wording on this package?
Can you please tell me what's on this package?
What model of NOAH weather radio is this model?
What color is the screen?
I'm looking for a dog collar do you see it on the floor?
Ground beef or ground turkey which is it?
What is in this supplement bottle?
What's in this basket?
This is a frozen dinner, and can you see what the conventional oven temperature and number of minutes are and whether I have to puncture the top before I put it in the oven? Thank you very much.
I'm hoping you can answer one simple question. Is this fruit blend or lemonade? I've spent the last fifteen minutes on this and all I can get back is that it is Minute Made. I need to know what Minute Made product this is. Thank you.
Describe this shirt.
Call that plate that guides the gear stick?
What's the name of this movie?
What type of fruit is this?
What is on this card and is it right side up or right side down?
Hello. Please, what can you see on the monitor screen, please? Thank you.
OK, I think I got the Canon to view.  Can you tell me the calories and fiber please?  Thank you.
please describe what's outside the window
What kind of dog is this?
What color is my shoe?
Can you see any text?
Are you able to see what this says?
Is this a photo or a blank page?
Okay, comma. What is this, please?  And no, it's not a book.  Period, smile, period
What is in this photo?
What color is this shirt? What patterns does it have?
What is the package name?
Shirt below, sweater above, what color is the shirt and sweater, do they match? Thank you.
sometimes they are able to and sometimes they aren't, if I had what cha ma call it reader which is like $20 maybe I could.
How many fingers do I have?
Is this a fruit or a vegetable?
What are these biscuits?
Is this love?
How do you move around to other options on the screen, such as removal drive, USB drive? How you move around?
What is the number on this barcode?
Is this, what kind of detergent is this?  Is it laundry soap or fabric softener?
What item is this? Thank you so much in advance.
What is this Color?
What color are my shirt and pants and do they go together?
Can you please tell me what kind of frozen dinner this might be? Thanks
What are any of the words on this? What does any of this say?
Okay, sorry about that, what kind of taquitos are these?
What is the label for these jars? thank you.
Can you. Can you please tell me what this is?
What color is this skein of yarn?
What's north package?
What does this t-shirt say?
What is this please? What is this please?
Yes could you tell me what's in this can please? Good morning thank you.
What stone is this?
For how long do I cook this tin the microwave?
Yes. This is a picture of an image from Google street view. I need it to tell if a description of this image is possible. Thank you.
What does it say on the poster in the picture?
Is it a bottle?
Do you see anything on this screen that says boot order?
Magazine is this, please? thank you.
Please describe this page, thank you.
What flavor of coffee is this?
Can you tell me what this is, please?
what color is that trousers?
Are you able to read this label?
What kind of almonds are these?
What is the shape of this cookie cutter?
Should I eat this for me tea?
Would this be a twenty?
What kind of faucet attachment?
This is an advertisement?
What kind of pills are these?
What is the color of these shorts?
Okay so we're in the boot menu I'd like to go to USB flash drive does it show where that is?  Am I on it if not does it show how to move to it?  Arrow...
What three letter do I type to win the prize?
What are these keys in order from left to right ton the top row of this keyboard?
What flavor and brand of K cup is this please? Thank you and Merry Christmas.
Can you please tell me what this says?
Is this DayQuil or NyQuil?
What is this and what's its color?
Can you see the label on this meat pack and tell me what it is please?  thank you.
What's in the collage?
Tell me what color this is please? Thank you. My finger was in the way.
What model printer is this?
What is the picture, and what is the screen saying?
This is a plate. Just leave it.
What part of a body is this?
Is this a pepperoni pizza, pepperoni and sausage, supreme, what kind?
Which chocolate bar is it? Snickers or Mars?
Is this some sort of speaker?
color is this stone
What is bag for?  Something I can't tell what it is, thank you.
What's the crock pot setting?
Could you tell me what kind of salad dressing this is?
What cologne is this?
What is this view?
What does they say?
Could you please tell me what kind of CD case is this?
What kind of vent is that?
Am I still at the login screen?
What color is this comforter?
Is this straight?
Which articles of clothing, if any, can you see in this photo and do they match?
What this can?
I just want to know what this is.
How many calories has this soft drink?
whats in this jar
Okay, sorry about that. Let's try again. I'd like to know the color of this jacket. Thank you.
What is in the room?
What is the name of this product? What is the name of this product?
What color socks am I wearing?
Do you find it nice to be here?
What's his name?
What color is this letter?
Is this a baking powder or baking soda?
What is the picture on the wall of
What is inside?
What kind of multipurpose sprayer is this?
Trying again to see if this shirt will go with this skirt.
How long does this take to cook?
How much is this monitor?
What season is this?
Can you tell me what these buttons say?
what cologne is this? or is it a women's perfume?
Can you tell me what's in this bottle, please?
Is there anything at all you can see on the screen?
what is it on the picture
what is this sign?
What is this a picture of? Thanks (inaudible)
What is written on the display?
Participating in the fashion pilot study.
I got three different answers. Can someone please tell me again what kind of pasta is in this package. I know it's hamburger helper, I don't know which dinner.
Who makes this?
What's the product in this can?
What is the oven temperature setting?
What is the object in this image?
Qu es esto?
Hi there tell me what the title of this dvd is please?
Are these the Apple cinnamon or strawberry cereal bars?
Can you tell which medallion this is from? Regiment.
What does this label say? What kind of cheese is it?
What color, what color is the mug?
Can you tell me what the oven might be set on?
Ok, thank you for that answer. Now what kind of coffee is in this box? Is it the same, or something different? Thank you.
What color laptop is that?
My question is could you read the label for me on that bottle in the photograph, because I'm visually impaired and can't read it? Thank you.
What is in this can please? Thank you, so long.
does this outfit match?
Show the numbers on this ticket.
What artist drew this painting?
Describe this dress?
What is the temperature on this thermostat? Thank you.
What's the cost on the tag?
What does my coffee look like?
Can you tell me the captcha letters or number in this image?  Thank you.
What kind of food is in this bag?
What color is this shirt? Question mark.
What is this in this gallon jug? What's the name of it?
does the screen say anything now?
Hello, this is another try. I'm trying this for the last time tonight. And if it doesn't work the last time ever! Ever! Ever!
Is this my dusty screens shirt?
This is a new view of the yogurt, looking for the expiration date. If I could have that, it would be great.
Consuming which of the following can help raise the absorption of alcohol in the blood stream? Cordillius, coffee, carbon hydrate drinks or high protein?
is this yogurt?
Alright trying to see as much information about this sticker as possible.  It's on a piece of furniture that I'd like to get. I need the model, serial number, where it was sold, price if possible, anything that you think might be helpful.  Thank you.  Let me know.
Is there a phone number on this card and what is it?
What flavor of jerky is this?
What kind of canned goods is this?
Do you know how to use the function button?  Help!
what is the brand of this unit?
What color is my sweater, please?
Do the grayest clouds this morning look like storm clouds or just regular clouds?
What temperature is the oven?
What kind of pills are in this pill bottle?
Oh, what's this?
What is the brand name of this cereal?
What is my favorite dog?
what is in this bottle
What drink this is?
What colors are part of this design?
this item.
What color is this bedspread?
What card is is this?
The security code is about 46 percent down from the page. Can you identify the code and tell it to me? Thanks.
Can you tell me if this is an air freshener or a fabric freshener? Thank you.
what kind of seasoning is this?
What credit card is this please?
What is the writing on the two buttons and which one is which?
what does it say?
What color are the washcloths?
What is this and what brand?
What am I seeing?
Is this the io cable remote?
What coffee is this please?
Which ocean has the most hurricanes?
Desktop success thank you very much.
Are there heating instructions on this packet?
Is this readable?
How many servings are in this candy bar?
What brand of batteries are these two AAs?
What is the cover of this catalog?
I give up.
From left to right what are the two buttons below the row that has power level, defrost and quick minute? Thanks.
Hi, can you tell me what this is?
What is this box say?
Okay, is this the same picture as before, or is it a new one?
What kind of bug is this?
What's the phrase in the box say?
what page number is this thank you
Who is the artist?
What beverage is this?
Can you tell me what color this sneaker is?
Is it on?
What colors are on this shirt?
I'm trying to figure out what this tub is and another try because it crashed. Thank you.
Please tell me the readings on this thermostat.
Could someone tell me how to send a picture message with my e-mail please?
Can you please tell me what these metals are? Thank you.
What's the content of this screen?
What does my blood pressure read?
Which can has the refried beans? The one on the left or the one on the right?
What is the company of the laptop shown in the figure?
What color is this shirt, including stripes or not?
Is this the new Apple keyboard?
What can that do?
What article, what page number is visible? Thank you.
This guy look like in this picture?
Where are the cooking instructions?
Can you tell what type of body spray this is?
Hello, I've just got a new case on my iPhone, I want to make sure my camera's not obstructed. So, could you please tell me what you see? Thank you.
Please describe the person who is in front of me.
What kind of cologne is this?
Label on this bottle.
Can you tell me what kind of card this is, and if it's a baseball card, can you tell the team and the player's name, please? Thank you.
What is this product key?
Yes the following is a google view street image.I need as specific as possible a description of this image, thank you.
What kind of drink is it?
What color is my cat?
this box.
What kind of Yoghurt is this?
What is the brand name?
Can you tell me what this can says? Thank you.
what is in this jar?
What is the name of this talking book?
What is the number on this building that I just photographed? This is Yappapi College.
what's in this jar?
How much sodium or salt is in each serving of these beans?
Is there any stains on this guys t-shirt in this photo?
Are these beets?
This is a test
What color is the shirt that I'm holding up?
Could you please identify whether this is a picture?
Are these instructions for setup?
Is this air conditioner on fan, air or dehumidifier?
Type of soda is this?
what type of fruit is this?
Could you provide to me cooking instructions for this product.
What is the figure on the box?
Can you tell me what is it please?
Know which one of these is? A can of baked beans.
What size is this item?
How long do I cook this for in the microwave?
What flavor is this tea?
What is name of this cat?
Is this a mouse?
What is the color of this T-Shirt?
What is this currency?
Can you tell me which of these cans is salmon and which is the tuna?
Can you see what the labels are on each of these ports, question mark.  Oh, I can't, I can't tell what the ports are.  Maybe a quick description.
No I don't
Can you tell me the brand and model of these?
What kind of, what kind of lizard is that?
Could you tell me the sodium content of the food in this can? Thank you.
Can you tell me what * this is, and what country?
What is the product key for this program?
What color is the shoe? thank you.
the shape of the clouds beat if they are whispy
What kinda tea is this?
This is plus?
What is this and what does it do and how do I use it. Can you help me I just want to know what it is. And the exact model number.
What does this page have on it?
What bar of chocolate is that/
Read the statement.
there are 2 shirts one on the left and one on the right what color are they
What this student planner?
Can you tell me what this can is please?  thank you
What is on the display of the thermostat?
how much does this cost?
Is that TV on? And one other thing can you give me a brief history of how your volunteer group started?
What is the fourth number?
What does this reading say?
How much money was that?
Don't know what the screen says.
What flavor of microwave popcorn is this?
What does it say on the back of the entire box?
What letters do I type in to win the prize?
What is on the pillowcase?
How long do I need to oven cook this for?
What exactly does it show on the screen?
What flavor is this please?
What is this doll?
Hello, it is possible for you to read the number on the card on this picture, please? Thank you very much.
Wondering what the date is on the package?
Product, please?
What type of pill is this?
In front of me.
What is the layout of the outside of this fridge.
What is inside this can? Thank you.
What color is this couch?
What type of chocolate bar is this?
i made this hat and pom pom but i understand they are two different colors, does the pom pom match the hat?
Hi there. I have a picture here of a screenshot with a captcha in it and I'm blind so I need some help deciphering it. Thank you.
Hi. Is there a phone number on this screen? If so, can you tell me what it is? Thank you.
what color is this pen?
What is the manufacture and model number of this device?
What is on my TV? I don't know, what is on my TV? And what does TV stand for? And what time is it?
Can you read this paper please?
Is this keyboard a bluetooth item?
I asked what color the shoes were. I'm not sure what you said, it wasn't the color.
What is going on?
Which one's dinner is this?
What is a tattoo?
What number is this playing.
How many lights are visible on the battery charger?
This is an ongoing problem for me, so please be patient. There's a washing machine in the picture, it has a dial which can be set to normal or various other settings. I need to find out which setting it's set to, it's the
Do the clouds look like storm clouds, or white puffy ones?
gotta film them?
Please tell me the expiration date of this product. Thank you.
Please tell me what my finger looks like? Is it bleeding? Or can you tell how bad I cut it?
In this bag?
What can is this? Is it food or ravioli? Thanks.
What kind of soup is this? I hope it works this time.
Describe this picture into monitor.
what is the box in front of me
What color is the floor?
Which type of hamburger helper is this?
what sent is this
What is the brand and name of the set of glasses?
What kind of creamer is this?
What kind of potato chips are these?
What canned good is this?
What kind of K cup is this?
Hello again, I can't quite make sense of what you last said. Some Philips cover on the table. I actually asked you what the model number of this particular Philips recorder was. Thank you.
is this lotion or shower gel?
At Christmas.
What flavor of tootsie pop is this?
Can you tell me what this warning is?
What kind of drink is that?
Could you please tell me what this brochure is?
How many calories?
What's the color for this iPhone? Is it black or white?
What's this? It's kinda slow.
What do you want? What do you want? Becky, you don't want to go to dairy farm? No, I don't have any money and I'm not ready and I don't even want any ice cream. Get ready, we gotta go.
I'm looking for the expiration date. Thank you.
What is in the photograph?
What logo does this represent?
What color is this dinosaur?
This is the display of a treadmill, could you tell me the distance please, it's in miles..it's probably 4 or 5 point something, thank you.
Is the bathroom cleaned?  Thank you.
Can you tell us what this text says? Thank you.
What is this picture of? Is that page blank?
What colors are this?
Are you able to tell me what this shirt looks like?
What, what is this? What is it?
What's in this bottle and please tell me if you can actually hear me?
What brand name is this logo?
Please tell me what color this blouse is and as much detail as possible.
i'm trying to find a chair in the yard, i believe its somewhere in the area where i am. it's metal chair with arms on it
Can you turn the name of the perfume and the percentage shift.
What kind of canned food is this?
Is this image more sufficient?
Can you identify this bill?
What's the website?
How do I jail break this?
What color is this? And if it's light or dark.
What flavor pasta in sauce is this?
What is the area?
Are you able to tell what is in the photo?  What text is on the computer screen.
What is this? What kind of purse is this?
Can you tell me if the brand name of this washer shows in the picture, I need to know the brand name of it? Thank you.
Hi, what color is this shirt? Is it red and if so is it a solid color or does it have a pattern? Thanks.
Which spice is this?
How much milk is in this baby bottle?
Which one is the Pepsi?
What kind of yogurt is this? What flavor?
What page number is this book? Thank you.
Well, you see the little thing, it's working. It say do-do or something. Well, I'm a, you going to have to...
Just wondering what the milligram dosage is on this benadryl?
What is the CAPTCHA code on this screenshot?
What's on this card please?
What flavor is this drink?
what kind of snake is this?
What is this? What I have in front of me.
so there's no message there
Which color is this?
Alright you can talk now. But it's still says recording.
Okay, here I am again with this t-shirt, I moved the camera up a bit and hoping that that's a better view and you can let me know. It's on a bed pretty low so I have it on the level of my chin. So...
What color is this bird?
What flavor is this button for?
What is the model number on this refrigerator?
Yes this is a google street view and I just want a description of the image please be as detailed as possible.
Is it dark in this room?
What does my hand look like?
What kind of a case is this?
on this card
What disc is this please?
What Chinese coin is this?
Is there a telephone number on this label and can you read it out please?
What voltage and wattage are on this power supply?
What is on the paper?
I just took a picture of a bracelet on my arm can you please tell me is it turquoise or black onyx thank you
Could you please tell me what color this skirt is. Is it blue or black? Thank you.
What color is that jacket?
What is in the little bottle that is on the table?
What color is this T Shirt?
What is my thermostat set at? Thank you very much for your help. It's really appreciated.
What flavor is this? I know its green mountain coffee.
What is the title of the CD?
What colors are the milk bottles?
Please describe the colors in this pair of socks.
can you tell me what cd is um what the label is on this cd
testing this out. saw this app at a conference. what is this?
In this video is the singer's mouth wider from top to bottom or side-to-side? Thank you.
Um, see if you can see a model number on this label. Thanks
I know what's in the package might not look so great but can you read what the label says on it?  And if not, and I need to move something around let me know. Thanks.
What color is my pajama top?
What is this newspaper section about? Thank you.
Please tell me what is in that pocket?
What kind of product is this?
What is this title?
this is some kind of spice and i would like to know what kind it is
Can you tell me what percentage of being done the process is here?
Is that book?
Can you tell me what this can is?
Could you please tell me what the picture is on the front of this shirt? Thank you.
Is this salted or unsalted butter?
Can you tell me what's in this can, please?
Do you think it is delicious?
What colors do you see in this item?
Which lottery to get has two sets of numbers?
Read the name for this chocolate.
What is this can of soup?
Yeah, I'd like to know if there's any information on this company visible.  It's a company website that's inaccessible.  Thank you.
The crock pot setting.
What does it say on the inside of this card?
This is the display of a treadmill, can you tell me the distance in miles, please?
Is this shirt on the right side?
What is this ?
What color is the door?
Can you please tell me what these are?
Does it tell the fragrance of the hand cream?
Hello there. Please explain what the label on my router says. Thank you.
What are these bumps? Are they mosquito bites or bed bug bites?
Can you tell what kind of line this is?
What's in the photo?
It's duller.
What kind of soda is this?  What kind of soda is this?
What's this by?
This is a bottle with a label, i need to know what label please. Thank you.
Which soda is this?
What kind of canned vegetables is this one?
Is this Van Houtte or Starbucks coffee?
Hello could you please read me the image in the account, registration, the image, capture file, thank you.
which bog flower remedy is this?
What is this can? Oh.
What spice is this thank you.
i should like to know what this job is please
I rotated the can so it's showing just right of the seam. Can you, is this a better location to see what this is? Thank you.
what is that
What is this object? What is displayed on this monitor?
What kind of canned good is this?
Where is play?
What's the label on this tiny bottle?
What color is this shirt? Thank you.
What is on the display?
What kind of pastries are these?
What type of aftershave is that?
What box of pasta is this?
What is on this cup?
What type of chips are these?
can you read this shirt?
What is this device?
Can you tell the color of these shorts?
Tell me the crockpot settings from left to right. Hopefully the picture works, thanks.
What does, what does it say on this can?
Can you describe what is on the case of this DVD?
ring to me.
What's the picture on this cup?
Can I please get a specific answer? What is on this card and is it right side up or upside down? Thank you.
Name this object.
What is the name of this snack?
what is the serving size for these beans?
What color paint is on the wall? Thank you.
Okay, can you tell me what this is?
there a serial number on the bottom of this device that you can see? If you can, could you please read it to me?
What color are my sneakers?
All right, can you tell me if this coffee is caffeinated or decaffeinated?  Thank you.  I think this is a different one than before.
What's the name of this packet of chocolates?
I'm sorry I was trying to find out the label on this jar. And I guess I didn't have the label properly set. Trying it again. Could you tell me what's in this jar?
Please identify this type of curry.
Are there shoes in the cupboard?
OK, I wish there was a better way to do this but if you can see it now, what are the instructions? Is there even the brand name of the lasagna?
Can you read the capture so I can fill in pass phrase on the computer screen? Thank you.
What is my dog eating?
Is there a light in the room?
Is that Snickers or Mars?
What kind of tomatoes are in this can?
What is the answer 79.54 minus 43.16?
What's in the...What's in the bag?  Thank you.
How many lozenges are in this box?
what is this can
Alright, can you tell me what flavor this is please?
identify this item.
I shot this one closer. What languages and subtitles are included on the disk?
What brand of chocolate is this?
What color is the cardigan and what color are the stripes on the cardigan?  And what sort of shirt should I wear under it to make it match?  Thank you.
What is this picture?
What type of pepper is this?
What type of bag is this?
Can you tell what temperature is and what thermostat is set on?
What is the sodium level in this package?
I pride holding this tag in my hand.  Is there any way you can tell me what the writing says on it please.
Tell me about this cream, it doesn't really matter if you can read it. It's just whatever you can tell me.
How well did I capture the kitty in the picture?
Please can you tell me what this product is?
Is it keyboard?
record what is this
No My type of food is this
What are those?
the chair looked like
Can you see what is on the computer screen?
What is this picture, this item?
What do I have in my hand that I just took a picture of?
I know this is a silly computer, but my computer has stopped talking. What does the screen say?
Can you identify this bottle?
What are the contents of this jar?
that is stew what is in it
what kind of drink is inside this can?
Can you see the two words in the captcha image?
Is there a picture on this shirt?
Could you tell me the Nokia model number?
What flavor is that please?
What is this box and what is the side effects?
can you tell me what this is please?
What ingredients are needed.
what is the label on this container?
How many pieces left?
What does this shirt say? Please and thank you.
What type of mouse is this?
What is this food product?
Can I connect two door bells to this unit?
Where is this nut from?
Sorry, what is the code now?
There is nothing that is personal or Identifying.
Do these shorts and shirt match? Thank you.
Able on my vacuum I need the serial number and model number.
What color is that dog?
What time is it in the photo?
Curious what types of pants these are and what color they are? Can you tell? Thank You.
I am holding in my hand a set of earrings.  Can you tell me what shape they are please?  Thank you.
Do you see any prominent stains on this shirt, or is it not very prominent?
What is in this? What is the label on this container please?
What album?
What kind of mushroom are these and are they edible?
What is inside this bottle?
what kind of chips are these?
Can you tell me what the screen says? The screen capture security code please.
Is it possible to tell the ingredients of this pizza, and the brand?  Thanks.
does this cream say anything?
Please can you tell me what's in the can.
Can you read the label on this?
What are the administration instructions for this product?
What supplement is this?
What is the color on the brand?
What's in this small tube?
What are these two boxes, bottles I mean, what are these two bottles?
Please tell me the color of the jeans and the shirt and whether they match with each other.  Thank you.
What's the model of this subwoofer?
Can you tell me what's on this page on the avon booklet and the order number and the cost?
Could you tell me what kind of cellphone this is, please?
What color is that vain?
What's the color of this shirt, please? Thank you.
What is that in front of me and is it dangerous?
Will this clean wood?
Can you make out the picture I took? Just testing this.
What is this machine and what are the buttons labeled as?
What is the model number of the computer?
What brand is this camera?
What are these three US one dollar coins worth? A 1924, a 1922 and a 1921.
What was this a picture of?
What is the name of this list?
Is this wallet for male or female?
Sparks contain
What is the answer to this question?
What is on this bottle.
Can you identify the boy now?
what is this canned good?
What is the image on this paper and the colors?
I was so nervous at each serving.
Test one two, test one two
I don't know if I did that right or not, but I am hoping that you might be able to tell me what the number on the scale says, if you can't that's ok, but if you can read it, however.
What color shoes am I wearing?
Okay, is this any better, can you tell me anything now?
Check one, two, one two three four. Check one two.
Identify this package.
What time is it? What time is it?
What color is this please? The color.
Yeah could you please tell me what magazine this is? Just curious.
Are the cooking instructions for this?
What is this on this pine tree?
Hi there. I was wondering what was in this can. Thank you.
What mate is this? Thank you.
Please tell me what's on the screen. It'll either be, well probably an error message. So, Please tell me what's on the screen.
Is this bottle liquid tears?
Can you tell me what flavor chips are in this bag?
What is this seed?
Ya, I just got this apple on my phone and I'm blind and to find what's in this can. Let's sell it.
Where can I use this gift card?
What color is that purse?
i just wanted to know what this is and the cooking instructions if posible
What does my hand... What does my hand look like?
This have the name on it?
what is this can.
Can you read what's on the screen?
It's a book.
What does the card say?
Can you describe this bag for me? What color, and what pattern? Thank you.
What temperature is this dial set too?
What's in this photograph?
please if you could let me know which bottle i'm looking at i would appreciate it i need to know if this is my melatonin bottle or my vicodin bottle thank you.
What's that color?
What color is this
Hey, I have these two items, but I'm not really sure if it's what I really need.  What is this?
what color is this couch?
Color is this shirt?
Can you tell me what this is on this can please? Thank you.
Could you please read the capture image? Thank you.
How many? Whats the amount of coins that fit in this coin holder?
What color is the bow?
What is the photo on the shirt and what does it say?
What is this, is it a bottle of sunscreen?
What color is this hat and does it say anything?
Is this white or black pepper?
What is on this box or in this box of cassettes? Thank you.
What's the title of this DVD?
What domination is this money?
What scent is this? Thank you.
Name of this wine
Is this the TV stand?
What time does this say.
Hey, could you tell me what kind of bottle this is?
What color are these cabinets?
Oh okay, What is this?
Hi, can you please read me the captcha image? It should be a few letters or a blurry word or two. It's not the web address and it should be near a box that you have to type in.
What screen of windows is this because I cannot tell.
What is this product? Please describe. Thank you.
Hello, What is this picture of?
This is my fortune from my fortune cookie. Are you able to read the words?
What color are these canisters?
How much is this bill for?
What is this T-shirt please?
What kind of salad is this?
Yes I find this in apartment and I am from foreign country and I don't kno what it is.
Please tell me what kind of meat this is? I think it is lamb but could you just confirm that for me? Thank you so much.
What all do you see?
What is this object please?
What card is this please?
Does show the brand of sippy-cup? No, I asked the application if this.
OK, lets try this again and see if this works. Do you see any kind of an ID number here that would tell me what is what so that I can get disconnected?
What is this shape in?
Hi. Can you tell me what this drink is? Thank you very much.
Is it impossible for you to read the captcha image in this picture? Thanks.
What make and flavor of coffee is this please?
what color is this dress?
This picture was posted by one of my friends on twitter but I need it described to me
Can you read any of this?
And what kind of oatmeal is this one?
What is all information on the bottom of this modem?
Can you tell me what's in this food envelope please?
What brand of beer is this?
What is the expiration date on this cheese?
What does this object look like?
Please tell me what is in this package. Thank you
Is my computer screen on a desktop, the normal desktop without any programs running?
I was wondering if you could read what was on the screen? I hope I got a good picture.
What color are my pants?
How much is this? How much is this money worth?
What is this plug-in dongle for? It says LG on the side.
Do these pieces of clothing match? Is it a good combination together?
Can you tell me what these pills are?
what is this is can?
Is this my hand or my foot?
What is this can? I'm not sure what kind of tea it is.
Okay this is a hoover vacuum cleaner I don't that you can see the motor we're here.  Let me know please.
Will you tell me what this item is please.
Please describe card and any writing on card.
is this fire engine red or yellow
Describe these shoes.
What color is that candy that I am holding in my hand?
Please tell me about this wine. What kind it is - not just red or white but information from the label. Thank you.
What is this that is hanging on the wall? I would like to know and please give me a detailed description. Thank you.
What is the name of the story?
And does it look like it has water damage done to it? Thank you.
Hello there can see the cooking instructions for this dish please? Thank you.
What kind of chips are these, bbq or regular?
Yes, is the item in front of you a bottle of lotion, shampoo or conditioner?
Has this dog got a name on the label?  Normally it does.  I told you Mom.
what does this plant look like?
What is this tube of gel of?
I know this is a check and can you read it and tell me how much it is for? Thank you.
Hi, can you tell me what's in the box in the picture and what the cooking instructions are? Thank you.
What is in this package? When it says in progress that means it's doing it, right?  Yeah I think it's trying to put...
Any water bugs or anything?
Is this clear enough to tell if this is mineral veil or all over face color? Thank you
Is this box right side up?
Describe my dog.
What color is this yarn, please?
Is there any MSG in that?
Are those piano keys?
What is in the pitcher?
Is that milk?
Please tell us what the screen says on the computer.
Whats on the screen?
Can you tell me what this item is? I know it's some kind of lotion.
Does this picture show?
What is this? Is it accurate of a picture of my phone? Thank you.
What are the instructions for this lean cuisine meal? And if you can, tell me what kind is it.
What is on this label? It's from Euro-Spices but I need to know what it is.
Can anyone see the date on this please? Thank you.
And another try.  Did I get the model number this time?
What does this computer screen say?  I think I have the camera facing the right way now.
What is this? What is this item?
This can is laying inside of the bowl, what is in this can?
tell me the expiration date on this box. if you can't see the expiration date please tell me how to move the camera. thank you.
What label is on this bottle?
what flavor of marie calender dinner is this? thank you
Read me what's on my screen, please.
What is the progress of this operation?
Could you tell me what size these are?
What sugar is this?
Is this carpet cleaner?
Did I get the super moon?
Oh yes, something's happening, Cause I see the wheel moving. Okay. Did you tap on the mic? Yeah. Anything happening?
What is that I'm looking at?
What is the product on this page?
On this rectangular backup battery, how many lights are on?
Is this a silver bracelet or gold bracelet?
Does this pair of socks match?
This is the Peter Pan combo pack.  I am looking for the Blu-Ray version. Is that what I am taking a picture of?
Is it a hand?
Whats this card say?
Can you please tell me what type of cheese that is?
kind of dog is this.
You know what drink this is?
What brand of shoe is it?
This is a dishwasher indicator dial. Pointing at 12 o clock. Could you please tell me what cycle this is. And then going in clockwise, what the.
Hwy its erin. I just playing around with this and actually got an answer. If somebody is awake and answering questions i can take over.
Six hundred and ninety five times four hundred seventy six?
is it morning yet
Please describe this for me. Thank you.
How clean is this? Thank you.
who is does writing say?
What is this? Ask him if this is tylenol
What kind of alcohol is this?
This is the display of a treadmill. Can you tell me the distance off the top display, please?
Hello there. Can you please say in this photograph what the temperature ranges are on the dial? Thank you.
Can you please tell me the calories per serving and the serving size per can? Thank you.
How much is in each serving of beans? Is it half of a cup or a quarter of a cup that is the serving size?
What is this logo?
Is the Yuengling traditional, or Yuengling premium?
What's . . . What's this money?
What design is this shirt?
What is the fat content of this can?
Is this a voucher?
Yes, can you please tell me what this screen says? I seem to have an error booting up my computer.
What does my
What is in this can?
Can you tell me what's on the monitor?
What color is this tie?
Excuse me, What is in this bottle? Thank you.
Can you see the cooking instructions please?
What are the different color of these stripes, please? Thank you.
What kind of tea is this? What kind of tea is this?
One must try for baking instructions before I play a piece of roulette.
is on this TV screen?
Can you lick this?
What are the instructions for microwaving it?
what kind of k cup is this
is a mail for
Do you see steak on this menu?
Where's this logo on this cap?
Are any of these cans garbanzo and if so which one? Starting from left to right.
Please tell me what's on my screen. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I have no speech. Bless you all for doing this. Oh, no!
How to prepare this?
What is this and how many things on each shelf?
Book is this?
What is the title of this disc?
Title of book.
Can you see the model number of the bluetooth keyboard in the picture?
What's this? Okay now it's gonna send it to recording app
What is the expiration date on this bus pass?
Calorie count in this product.
Which one am I using?
is this.
What kind of cream is contained in this Usher container?
Hi could you tell me what color this shirt is please?
What is the code in the picture.
What flavor noodles are these?
What color is the table cloth?
what color are these boots
What does it say at the top of the page, like the title?
Is this das boot?
What's in this box? I should've asked what kind of cereal is this, cause I know it's a cereal. No, we have boxes that look like cereal boxes but they're actually cookie boxes.
Can you see anything specific on this screen?
what is this item
What is on this card and is it right side or broad side down?
Is this pregnancy test positive or negative?
What type of cigarettes are these?
Could you please tell me what color this cup is?
With the SOS switch to the right is it in lock or unlock position?
what its name?
Can you tell me who this is and what team they are playing for?
What kind of jello is this?
What setting is the dial on?
What is for dinner tomorrow?
Does this fan have metal, and what color is it? Question mark
Are you able to read what is on this K Cup now?
Thank you, webworker. Here's another one. Is this lemon or apple? And thank you for the answer on the previous one.
Where is the bowl?
COME BACK IN
What kind of package is this?
What is the expiration date of this sunscreen? Also if you SPF record that would be nice.
I don't know if you were able to see it but does the pink scarf match the brown dress? The pink scarf has gold on it.
Does my white cane look clean?
Hi there, can you see what flavor of soup this is?
I was just checking on a bottle of household cleanser, now I have another one here. It smells like ammonia but I'm not quite sure. If you could help me out I would appreciate it, thank you.
What brand of a purse is this?
Can you read the screen? Thank you.
Well if this has a product name on it that I need to look up on the internet something no this so I just need something product name model or any information.
What is the name on this ballcap?
What is on this tshirt?
What color is the cat?
so how long do I cook this in the microwave?
Hi, can you see what flavor of crisps these are please?
I know it's coffee, but I'm trying to find out what flavor it is? Can you tell me what flavor coffe it is? Thank you.
Name this chocolate. Name this bar. Name this candy.
Is this color blue? If so what shade of blue if you could describe it.
Can you let me know what color is this please?
Hello, can you tell what the package is now? Are there any other applications that I can use on the Iphone to scan documents and stuff with or money?
Is this my black cat?
What is in this tin please. What is in this tin? Thank you.
How many ounces is this container?
Is this shampoo or lotion?
What color is the headband?
These jeans should either be pink metallic or gold metallic. Which one are they?
Can you read this these numbers please?
I'm staying in a high rise hotel and I'm curious of the view from the window.
What is this sign say?
Who makes this undergarment?
What brand is this bag?
What does this menu say, please?
Can you please describe this car(card?) to me? Thank you
First what is it?
What type of canned good is this?
What is in the little bottle that is flat on the table.
Color of this top?
What is on the screen of this Sirius radio?
Sorry for bother you, but please tell me what you can see at this picture?
can you please tell me what the captcha says
How many calories are in one serving?
Does this strip have one or two pink lines? One can be lighter than the other one.
What is currently on the TV screen?
it is there
What flavor of jerky
Does the clouds look like storm clouds or rain clouds?
What's in this package, please?
How many rows of apps are there?
Is it recording, oh crap, sorry I'm new to this app, is this the side with the letters or is it just showing a random aluminum
How to program this microwave.
Is there a picture on this game called Bop-it?
Do i have to enter in a captcha?
What is the amount given in the currency known as the Indian, is the currency in this photo?
What can you see on the picture?
Can you read this image letters please?
Help me with this capture.
Can you tell me please the color of this shirt.
What are the chemical elements that form most of living biological matter?
Can you tell what this is
What is the engraving on the heart pin, or the etching?
What colors are on this fabric?
What kind of meds are these?
Do I have on a gold or a silver bracelet?
what color is this, please?
Tell me what brand of coffee this is?
please read the text on this box which is another box.
What is the battery status? Is that better?
Whole tomatoes or diced tomatoes?
What is this?  Is it barbecue or regular potato chips?
Yeah, just disregard this, I'm just testing to see if this will go over Facebook. Thanks.
Hi. Does it show the flavor on this side?
Yes, I just needed to know what the Captcha image on this screen is.
What is the item?
Where is the broiler switch?
Hello, please, can you say me what color is my clothes?
Just wondering what this book is.
Okay, we're onto something here. I put it in a little closer, hopefully to focus in more on that lower section as you suggested. Conventional oven, temperature, and how many minutes. Thank you very much.
Can you please describe what is on this box to me?
Maybe here will have a chess piece.
Which one of these cans his a coke?
What does it say on this key ring please?
Is this clear enough? Is this hair spray or is it something for your skin?
Brandon. What name is it?
My fan.
What color is the shoes?
How long do I microwave it for?
What flavor of Pop-Tart's are these?
is this picture. What is this picture of?
Hi, I'm not sure if I moved the camera enough but I turned it a little bit to the left so there was more stuff showing from the right.  Can you tell me what this is?
What is the writing on this metal object? Thank you.
Yes, this is a google streetview image. I need a detailed description of this image, as descriptive as possible. Thank you.
What color is this please and there might be a small pattern in it, is that true and what is it? Thank you.
I'm not good at all in taking pictures in these. Let's see if this one is okay. The question is: How should I use this product please? Thank you.
What is the color of this top?
What is in this bottle
What does it say?
Have a good night. Thank you.
What numbers are on the screen after IDHOLD?
To rely on the skateboard anywhere?
What kind of special k bars are these?
Can you tell me what this envelope is? What's in it? Thank you.
What does this flip flop look like?
what package is this?
Does it say what kind of wand that is? Does it say what kind of wand that is? It's a wand from ? but I don't know what material it's made of.
What time is it?
What does the screen say?
What is on this badge?
What is in this jar? What type of food?
What are these?
What is the light level in this room. How dark is it?
Can tell me what this, the bag is, that I just took a picture of?
What is the dosage for the Robitussin?
Can you tell me what this screen says?
I want to know what this is.  I'm sorry didn't use the front facing camera the first time.  Ignore the first picture.
Can you tell me how long I need to cook this for, please?
Okay, this picture, what is assembly with that picture?
What flavor of juice is this? Thank you.
What is the TV channel?
What is the wireless key in this picture?
Can you tell me what this fabric looks like, and what color?
Could you describe the colors of this polo shirt to me please.
What denomination of currency is this?
How much are these head phones worth?
Hi, could you tell me which DVD this is, please?
Just need to know what color this shirt is. Thanks.
Was I able to clear either of the mirrors of the OK button?
Yes, I would like to know what the contents of this jar is, please. I hope this is a better image of it. Thank you.
Hello, please tell me the sodium level of this product. Thank you.
Who is this envelope from?
What flavor of tea is this?
I don't have it
What flavor is this pizza?
Hi, I don't know if this is getting to you. I need to have you read the captcha code for me if you can, or tell me where to move the camera. I hope things are okay, I didn't get anything back in the last few minutes.
What is the label on this spice?
Can you read the information if possible, please?
This thing's got more turns than a bucket of worms. What is this?
Can you tell me what's in this jar please?
Can you please identify the card on the table?
Does this page have a signature on it or is it blank?
What kind of shoe is this, and what color is it?
Whats in this carton?
What color is there on the bottom of this shoe?
What does the battery status say?
Please tell me what this says.
What brand printer is this?
Can you tell us what this screen says? Thanks.
What color is this shoe? What color?
This hurt.
Can you tell what type of tea this is?
Can you tell me what cycle this dial is pointing to? Thank you.
Describe this things please.
What are cooking instructions for these sausage rolls?
Record >> What kind of flower is this?
What type of gum is this?
Can you tell me what this is? I hope I took the picture right, and thank you this is a wonderful application.
What is on this platter?
What is on my computer screen?
You tell me what kind of pizza this is.
Can you tell me what this tube is please?
What kind of soft drink is this can?
Does this text say?
Can you tell me what this meat package is? If you can see the label? Thank you.
What kind of laptop is this?  Kind of be descriptive if you can.
This is probably the third time I've tried to get this. I'm looking for the inch that's up to the tape measure. Just the nominal inch, not quarter inch. Just looking for a number, 100.
What do you call both ends of this adapter? Or, what what's the name of this adapter?
Hi there I was wondering what was in this can, thank you?
Silver oak again. What year is this one?
What is this box, what is this I know its a teabag but does it say what kind it is?
What is this. What is this.
What is the address displayed on this card?
I'm trying to take a picture of the chair and ottoman to put up online to sell. Is this picture in focus? Can you tell it is a chair and ottoman and what color it is?
What is that? (indistinguishable murmur) That's kind of like Siri.
What's the color of the handle on this bag?
What color is this shirt please? Thank you.
who is this?
What is the layout of the top shelf of this refrigerator?
yes this is a corporate web site history of information is in flash and not accessible i need to know what kind of company this is
Ok, ummm, I think it's steak. Thanks for all your help by the way.
Cathy tell me what this is a can of.
Can you tell me what flavor this is, such as watermelon?
Can you tell if i have the oven on?
Can you please read the bill?
Are you able to see the directions in this photo? If so, what are they?
Can you tell me what size weight this is?
What is the contents of this can please?
Does this temperature read 375 degrees? Thank you.
What does it say on this glass?
What color is this wire?
What is this? What is this? What is this?
Is there anybody in front of me?
I'm trying to obtain cooking instructions based off of what is on this package. Any tips to either aim the camera a certain way or to move the package so that the instructions are visible.
Is that end of the USB cable mini-USB or just standard A?
When is the, when does this expire?
What ingredients are needed?
Can you please tell what kind of medicine this is, if it's dayquil or nyqyl? Thank you.
What's inside this image?
Where do I buy a pair of shoes like this?
What kind of sword is this?
What color are these stockings?
Can you tell me what product is what? Especially which one is the shampoo. Thank you.
How much sugar is in here?
IS THAT A PHOTO OF A CHRISTMAS TREE?
what's in this box?
How many ounces is this bottle? Thanks.
I need to know what kind of soup this is. I've got four of them here and here is the first on. Can you tell me what kind of soup this is?
What wine is this?
What kind of sheet is this?
What are the buttons on this oven control going from left to right or top to bottom? Whatever seems to make sense. They're not very tactile, so it's difficult to use.
Has the desktop shown up yet or is there some weird dialog?
Can you tell me what kind of pop this is?
Do the clouds in this picture look like storm clouds?
What's the weather like?
Louie, did you get this test? Tell me what's in this picture, please?
What is in this photograph? I said, what is in this photograph?
How clear is the text and how much of the page is visible? Thank you.
What's the item?
What's the name of the perfume?
What is the cooking directions, or what are they?
Sky look like in this picture?
Hi are you able to tell what cd number this is or was it blurry?
Can you tell what kind of animal this is?
What's the manufacturer?
Is this a good outfit to wear? Does it match?
What kind of a tree is this?
What kind of spaghetti sauce jar is this? Thank you.
Oh okay thanks I didn't I wasn't sure that okay so wait so you're saying when you take a picture as far as of something.
Can you tell me which of these is shampoo and what the order of these is?
What is the name of this drop?
What is this Windows XP error say?
What is in my refrigerator?
What color is this please? Color
Can you tell what this package is out of the freezer?
What kind of lizard is that?
Describe this sweater.
Is there anything else on the label?
What colors are in this shirt?
Is this a diet pepsi or a regular pepsi
What size is this and what color is it?
What is the manufacturer and model of these headphones?
What's this tape?
Does it look like it could rain, the way the clouds look in the sky?
I want to be in the clothing study as a participant.  Thank you.
Could you tell me the sodium content of the food in this can? Thanks!
What is the number on the picture?
Thanks for any help you can give. I'm sorry if the picture is out of focus.  Can you tell what this is a bag of? Thanks.
What's written on this box?
What is the expiration date of this sunscreen?  Also if you see the SPF that would be nice.
What's my slow cooker timer set at?
Does this say classic or classical?
This is a crock pot, what setting is it turned on to?
Hello there I wanted to know what color pants this was. Im visually impaired and I wanna know.
Is it sunny outside, and what time is it?
Hi, if you can look at any text in this photo of the book that I've taken, please try to read out the text to me in writing and
What's on the iPhone screen? Is there any writing, or logos?
What color is this bed?
Can you see what tent this is please?
Could you please tell me what this is?
Is this a lemon pie or an apple pie?
Do these pair of pants happen to have blood stains on them?
What is the title of this paper?
Is this?
What is the expiration date of this turkey?
Is this soap?
I am sending this again. I am not sure what happened last time. For some reason, the app closed on me. What is this box? What is the content of the box? Is there a picture or something that indicates what it is?
What is written on this card? Can you describe this card to me? Thank you.
What color pants are these?
Can you tell me what this pop-up says?
What  is it?
Okay, I've taken the picture again.  This time hopefully it shouldn't have any glare.  I need to know where the bar code is.  It should be on the back of the CD which is what I'm taking a picture of.  Either way let me know whereabouts it is cause I'm trying to.
Can you see what the temperature is?
Can you tell the information on this card, please?
Can you provide the cookies for our friends for the apple pie? Well you mean I get the same web worker? I'll go get them.
What is the make of my refrigerator?
Is this chocolate unsweetened or semisweet?
What specific species is this dinosaur?
How many cups of milk and how many cups of water do I need to make this stuffing?
What is that picture that I just took?
Who am I?
I would like to see what is in this can.
where is the best place to hide a body
Can you tell what the temperature is?
Do I have a stain on my shirt?
What are the instructions for the lasagna?
What card is this and can you describe it's orientation, thank you?
Can you describe for me what's going on outside the window? Just curious.
Can you tell me what this is or says or I don't know, can't tell.
Hi, I just wanted to confirm that these are indeed pork chops. Any other information that is clear would be appreciated. Thank you.
Is there an error message on the screen? And is there an action item or action that needs to be taken?
Can you tell what the security warning is saying on this screen?
What flavor are these pringles?
What does it show on this computer monitor screen?
Do these two boxes look like they might be the same thing.
Can you read what is says here?
I'm dealing with a Captcha but I can't see the screen and I need it to request something from a website.  Can you tell me what the Captcha is?
What is this word?
Can you help me? What is this?
What type of water is this?
Please read me the cooking instructions for these, a movie mad a big mess of it
Is it nuts?
What color are these pants?
What is this? No, wait.
im not real good at this being totally blind wondering what magazine is this
Is this a state ID card, or a different type of card?  Thanks
Please tell me what's on my screen. I'm trying to boot from a USB flash drive, so if you can see that option somewhere, maybe tell me where it looks like it is.
alright I am definitely colorblind.  I thought it was purple.  colorblind for a reason I guess
What animal is this?
I think this is spinach but can you tell me what kind of vegetable this is?
What kid of juice is this?
Is it juice?
What is on this tea ring and the name of the boat?
Hi, thanks for letting me know this is start-up repair, might take awhile but I really want to try  and actually get myself back into Windows I am an IT technician, so all I really need
Can you tell me what type of macaroni this is so I can look up some directions for it.
What kind of rice is this
what is color is this top
Is that the top or the bottom?
What is this item that the camera is pointing at? If you can see the item them please tell me what it says or what you see in the picture. And don't
what kind of drink is this
Can anyone tell what this can is? It said press stop. This is a problem I ran into earlier. Like I press record and then it froze.
What kind of bear is this?
Can you read this label?
How many calories in this box of raisins?
Weird picture.
Is it only one word, or are there two or three?  Because in the audio version it says numbers, and it's quite confusing.
I'm still waiting to see if there are instructions for a conventional oven on here, the temperature and number of minutes and whether to puncture it, is it on this side of the box, thank you.
Is this pan red or black? Red or black?
Trying to identify a recycle bin. One of these is a trash can and  one is a recycle bin. The recycle bin is probably green or its lid is green.
Are these low cut or crew ?
Is this window open?
What the color?
What kind of body spray is this?
here we go. Wheee!
What is my temperature?
I need to know what the letters in this captcha image are. Thank you.
What color is the sky?
What?  What does it say?
What type of dog is this
What kind of coffee is this? Thank you.
How long and what temperature do I bake this pizza in the oven for?
What is visible on this screen, please?
What does this character say?
What is the caller ID? Caller ID? Thank you.
How much sodium is in each serving?
How much time do we have left on the iOS update? (Is there an update airing?)
color is this what color is this
What kind of seed packet is this?
Hoping this is a better angle, curious if this is chocolate or tapioca.
What's the name of this Fresh Direct meal?
which country does this belong to?
Please describe to me what you see in this shot. Thank you.
What is in...
Whats showing on the computer screen?
what is this dial set to?
what design does this rug have on it?
I'm looking at the picture of the instructions. Can you tell me what kind of chopper this is by identifying the piece of fruit in the picture for me? Thank you.
Can you tell me the expiration date?
Tell me what is in this glass?
WHERE ARE MY PANTS?
Can you see the serial number ____?
What did you say?
Translate this to German.
Can you tell me the order of these shampoo conditioner?
What is on these nachos
Who does it say this piece of mail is for and who is it from?
Can you please tell me what the progress is on the scan that I am running?
Can you please tell me if this is lemonade or orange juice.  Thanks.
What is in this small bottle? What is in this small bottle?
What color is this marker?
How much does this laptop cost?
What color is this shirt please, thank you.
What is the date on the product?
>Label on this bottle.
Whats the name of this spice, thank you.
please tell me what this label says, thank you.
Can you tell me what this bottle says? I need to know what medicine it is and how to use it. Thank you.
I need instructions please, thank you
What do you see on my computer screen?
WHAT COLOR IS THIS USB FLASH DRIVE?
Can you tell me please what this frozen dinner happens to be? Thank you very much.
Is this apple sauce cinnamon or original?
Can you tell me what's in this k cup?
What color is this iPad case?
What does this coupon say on it?
I was wondering if that is a hail in the distance. thanks in advance
Could someone please tell me what set this is? Thank you.
Is there a straight line on this page?
What kind of wine is this? Thank you.
What is a swastika?
Is this piece of mail?
Is the television on or off?
What kind of, what dinner is this?  I know it's a Marie Callendar, I believe, but what flavor is it?  Thank you!
This picture of?
key on the side of this box
Can you please read the temperature on this thermostat? Thank You.
Slaver and his sausages.
Hello there, just wondering if somebody could give me an idea what's on my computer monitor? Basically the computer is not working so any information you can give me on what's on the screen would be great. Thank you.
Is the logo on my t-shirt visible in the picture? If so, can you describe the logo to me?
Is there any change to the monitor?
What is the number on this disc? Thank you, have a good night.
Please tell me the expiration date on this box.  If you're not able to see it, please tell me how to maneuver the camera, thank you.
What is on this label?
What is the code on this card?
Am I wearing socks?
Identify the package.
Is this peppermint tea?
is this a cat or dog?
Please, what is written in the screen?
What is in this tin
Can you tell if this is decaf or caffeinated coffee?
Is it a pack of chips?
In summary, what does it say on this side of the page?
What brand and type of shampoo is this?
What kind of soap is this, is it body soap or hair shampoo?
What is this a painting of?
What time is it now?
Is that 7-up?
What is this item? What is the model number if you can see it? If you can't, please tell me what you see in the picture.
What is in this container?
What voice is this?
What is the color of this fabric?
What color is that please?
Okay, here's my picture of the radio without my fingers in front of the camera and if the lighting's just not good in this room I'll wait and do this in the daytime. Thanks again.
Is my sock dirty?
What is this study about?
What kind of K cup?
Okay, I've got it sitting here. It should be in more light, and I have more control over where I can put the camera, so this might or might not be any better, I'm not sure.
what brand headphones or earbuds are these?
What does it say on this computer screen.
What is the the weight of this container, how many ounces is it? Thank you good day.
Hello there, can you please tell me what this says? Thank you.
It's the color.
Is that end of USB cable mini USB or just standard A?
Tis this box.
Which currency is this?
What flavor of curry cup is this?
What kind of can of food is this?
Where can I buy this product?
Are these plain or chili cheese fritos?
Yes this is a medication bottle and I just wanted to find out if there is any dosage or label information visible.  Thank you.
What is this kitten?
Can you tell what is written on this t-shirt?
what temperature is displayed on this thermostat thank you
Hello I just wanted to see if you could tell what this is. Thanks
What's in that bottle?
Is the light on and is the ceiling fan on?
Is this original or cinnamon?
What is this bottle sitting in front of me?
Can I take pictures 24 hours, or do you close at a certain time?
What's the time?
Can you tell which flavor of oatmeal this might be? I doubt it but thanks for trying.
What flavor are these nutrition bars?
What is this? What is that?
Here's another spice. Whats the name of this one? It wasn't recognized with anything else. Thanks
What's this package? Thanks.
What is this pass?
Please tell me the expiration date.  Thank you.
does this label it, read.
Hello.  My computer is not, I mean there is no sound and I can't hear anything and I don't have anyone who can help me. Is the Windows open or not? Is it opening or not?
Is there any way that you can tell me what this bottle says?
What does the paper say?
Shh. Turn that off.
What brand and flavor is this?
What are the directions for this meal in the oven?
Tell me what's in this photo?
It is a box.
Did I get a good shot of this guys face, and hair do?
What flavor if rice is this?
Hello, this is a test. This is a test.
What does this jar say on it?
What brand is it?
What kind of laundry soup is this?
Can you tell what it says on my computer screen here?
It's not.
Are these red and green Starlight mints or Spearmint Starlight mints?
What color is this? Is it recording? Shoot.
What is this picture on the wall - this wall hanging here?  Can you tell me what this is?
What does this milk look safe?
Can you please tell me what's on screen? Thank you.
Will this jacket match this dress? I believe it's black.
What kind of camera is that?
What is inside this can?
Would you be able to read the contents on this card please, thank you. I don't know if I got the right side.
Can you tell me what's in this box?  Thank you.
What flavor is this jello?
What candy is this?
What kind of soft drink is this?
What is it? Is it woman?
How much water is in this glass?
What flavor of ranch is this?
Do you know what this is?
What is in this bottle? Thank you.
Is this yogurt fat free?
What thing is this?
What color are the potatoes?
Is mine fan on?
How long do I have to leave this in the regular oven for?
What's this picture of?
What kind of shampoo is that?
Test two.
I would like to know what this can is please.  Thank you.
Anyone want to take a stab at the serial number for this product?
What is this medicine?
What time, what time is it in Eastern daylight time?
What is that? But then it kept going around.  I never use that one. Which one do you use?
Can you tell me what is on the label on this box? Thank you
Are there baking directions available on this pizza box?
Can I get the player's name and the year and date of the car, please, if it's available?
Please tell me what color this shirt is.
Is this chicken or tune helper
If you were looking at this dial on the washer like a clock, whereabouts would it be setting, so that I could go to heavy load?
Flavor of spice.
Do these socks match?
Can you see the settings on the air conditioner? And if so, what are those settings currently set to?
What does the bottle say
What type of cologne is this?
Can you please tell me what the buttons that are horizontally arranged on this channel are?
Hello, I'm trying to figure out what the logo on this item of clothing says, thank you.
Can you see where the dogs are in this photograph?
Alright see if you can see the ORCA serial number now.
ok what exactly if you can read anything hope your screen should be clear. can you read the screen.okay
Is it possible to identify this, whatever it is?
What cup syrup is this?
i want to know about the battery power on ic recorder thank you
What model is laptop?
What is the logo on this structure?
Is this a like on?
Please read. Please read.
what does this say?
What do I use this for?
What kind of fish did I get out of the freezer
Hi can you tell me which one is shampoo please?
Describe this shirt to me.
What kind of liquor is this?
Can you tell what flavor of tea this is?
What are the characters in this CAPTCHA image?
What is the temperature on this control?
What cleaner is this?
What's on the floor?
What\s in the picture? what\s in the picture?
What color is this?  What color is this?
What flavor is this pasta sauce?
What is this, Kim?
What flavor rice a roni is this?
What is that?  I'm stumbling on it.
What is this? I guess it tells me
Excuse me, tell me what you can see exactly in this picture?
What flavor is this dinner?  I don't remember buying a breakfast dinner.
This is cola?
Can you tell me what's in this jar, please?
Tell me what you see.  Really?
I think i did all of these wrong. Please help me.
Please read cooking instructions.
How big is a serving size?
How many ounces is this
What is this Kane?
Alright, last try on this. I think I know what it is but try to tell me please, thanks.
Please tell me as much as possible about this top.
Is this with chocolate or with fruit?
How clear is this text?
I want to get in the study.  Oh, it's Michelle.
Can you tell me if you see my keys anywhere?  Thanks.
Is this turkey
What color is this sweater please?
What video game is this?
What does it show exactly on the screen? Please give a thorough description of what is in the picture.
Which one is green?
There's two items of clothing, hopefully, in this picture. One laid across the other.  Are they the same color?
Hello Jordan. Lovely
What product is this? What is this frozen food item?
Hi, I know this is Keurig Coffee but could you tell me what flavor this box is, please?  Thank you!
Can you tell what's in this can please?
OK, so did this use the front or back facing camera? If it took a picture of my face, it's using the wrong camera, for one thing, and for another, if it used the back facing camera, what brand, can you tell what brand of stereo this is?
What color is this material that I have in front of me, that I just took a picture of?
What is the paper?
Where is my water bottle?
Can you describe the tie?
Can anybody read what's on this can?
Where am I or what is this?
What type of bread is this?
Is there a label on this multi-purpose sprayer?
what color is the rug
What whiskey is this?
How much ink does this have?
Whats in this box?
Television, please. Thank you.
Can you tell me what flavor coffee this is please?
What kind of chocolate bar is it?
What is the image that is shown to you?
Is this breeders land or beef dinner? Thank you.
Does this outfit look good? Does it match?
What color are the pans in the photo?
Okay, let's try this again. What is the brand name of the lasagna?
Identify this object.
what is in this picture
Cancel this.
what is this product thank you
Hopefully this comes out better this time, if you can tell me what this logo is, what the name brand is.
What flavor of Spark is this?
Is this candle?
What kind of medication is in this bottle?
Okay, can you tell me if you can see the time or the digits that are on this black stove cause if this, if you can or if you can't, then this
Hi, what can you see in front of me? Thank you for any help.
I'm trying to figure out if you can tell what the printing on this bottle says.
Please read this label on the bottle.
Read directions.
What flavor of coffee is this please? Third times a charm.
what is this? please describe.
What is the brand name of this bottle of water?
Which is the yellow key?
Did a pack of chips?
Yes I need to know what the captcha image is in this picture, thank you.
What color is this hair band?
Expiration date on this.
What is this item?  Thank you.
What is this bottle of, please?
When is the expiration date?
What kind of potatoes are these?
What is the name and what is this product?
Yes I just need to know as specifically as possible a description of the image that is in this in this picture which is in this google street view, google street map. Thank you.
I need to make sure that these are not sugar free.
Could you please tell me if this is my dusty strings shirt?
What's the name of this snack.
What does it say right there?
What are the colors from left to right?
can you tell what size cup this is?
what kind of tosimo coffee is this
What does a tag say?
What's in this box please? Thank you.
What, what color is it?
What was in this box?
I'm trying to find the mixing, well actually I've got the mixer there but I'm trying to find the talk-over button my mixer. Could someone give me a hand with this?
What type of battery is this?
Currently on the screen, which option is selected?  Thank you.
What is this perfume called?
I'm playing with my phone trying to take a picture and I tried to get a picture that Bill gave me. Did it come out?
This is not a remote, this a thermostat from an air conditioner. Could you please tell me what is it set on, like what temperature does it say?
What color is the bedspread?
And if pills are in the box.
Is it works?
What is in this package please?  Pudding or apple sauce?
What brand is the bottle?
What am I recording?
What color is the sky though?
What are the directions for preparing this spinach dip?
is this shampoo or conditioner
How many fingers in this image?
This is the display of a treadmill, can you tell me the distance in miles off the top display please? Thank you.
Can you please tell me what is in this can?
What is this can? Thank you.
What does the cup look like?
What so you see in this photo? Thank you
What design is on this pillow and what color?
What is this tablet please?
Is the picture of this cat in focus?
What is the name of this book?  Thanks.
I need a phone number or webpage for this particular hot chili wine.
What does this shirt have on it, like words or pictures? Does it have any stains?
is this my eye-drop bottle?
What kind of keyboard is that?
Yes, I know this may not be possible, but I'd like a description of the chart that is in this image if that description is possible. Thank you.
What is in this bag? Thank you.
What does it say on the box?
What is the arrangement of the ports on the Slingbox?
Is this bottle shampoo, hair conditioner, or hand lotion?
Can you identify whats in the box?
Is this trade this shirt?
Please tell me what this item is? Thank you.
is this item?
What type of food is this? What is the name of it? Please tell me.
Who is this dog?
What is in the photo?
what flavor baby food is this?
What is the animal in this cage? Thank you
Is this cloth pink or blue?
What color and any design?
What is on this baby's shirt?
What colour are these socks? Please describe.
What flavor of cheese is this?
What is this T-shirt, please?
Hey, what color is this blanket?
Can you tell me what that is please?
Okay just wanting to know what this product is and to those of you who are actually real workers out there this product is amazing. This product absolutely rocks. And really you deserve
Please tell me what's in this can?
Who makes this product?
Any copying instructions.
What is the writing on this box.
Guy look like in this picture.
What canned good is this, I know it's a canned good?
What is written on it?  Still recording.
What's this candy bar?
What color is the fabric?
It is number four.
Ok, lets see how that works. Ok, thank you.
What is the second number?
What color is this bowl?
What are the colors of these three cable ties?
what it this
Yes. I need to determine the caption image in this photo. Thank you.
what number is the needle pointing to?
What is in this capture?
What temperature is on the thermostat?
What color is the material I just took a picture of? Thank you.
What are the instructions for using this product?
What color is this bone?
What is the title of this book? Thank you.
Read me this captcha please.
What is this can of pop?
What's this snack?
What am I going to do right now?
Is this box?
Hello could you please tell me the color of this cable? Thank you.
Hello, I'm testing this again. Would you please see if this works? I tried swiping to it before I hit the button instead of just.
What breed of dog is this dog?
What color is the dryer and what time is it?
What product is this please and thank you.
Can you please identify this label?
Hello, can you tell me what the label is on this, please?
What is this earphone's brand because I can't see the print?
What?  What color is this?
Please can you tell me the buttons in the picture?
What temperature is the
What temperature is displayed on the thermostat? Thank you.
My computer has done this a few times, I'm trying to get it to go to start Windows normally. I'm not sure what to do.
Does this onion look okay?
What's on tV?
Please describe this card.
checked what color is it? alright got it on.
Can you tell me the recipe of this pack?
What flavor is this ricearoni?
What is this?  I'm talking to my phone.
How much is in this bottle of Listerine, I can't really tell?
Can you give me the team name, the person's name, and hopefully the year and date? Thank you.
what are these cooking instructions?
What is this , please?
What fragrance is this? What fragrance is this?
what is in this package?
What type of packet of tobacco is this
What song is this?
Can you read this meat label on this package and let me know what this is? Thank you.
What color is the coat in the picture?
Do you know if I move the cursor with the tab key or the arrow key and either way how many taps do I move it?
What brand of truffles are in the picture?
Okay. I'm aware that this is a can, so that wasn't very helpful, but thanks anyway. But I need to know what the can is. If it's possible to read the label please I would appreciate it. Thank you.
Is this picture on Google?
what kind of dog is this?
What color is this bedspread? and thank you
What did I take a picture of?
Hey mom.  Thought I'd let you check out this new app that I have on my itouch.  Here's Autumn getting ready for the storm.  Talk to you later.  Bye.
Are these regular chips or salt and vinegar chips? Thank you.
What color is my mug? Right now it's thinking. So is it an actual person that's doing it? Their, so their.
What kind of soup is this, please?
Please tell me what you can see in this picture.
This is a CC TV. What is the manufacturer and model number?
We'll see in this photograph
What is the name of the dietary supplement in this bottle?
Are you able to tell what flavor this is ?
Can you now see the label on the bottle and tell me what it is please?
What does this phone bill show?
Please tell me what this says on the screen, thank you.
What is the name of this box?
What are the green things on this tree other than leaves?
Here's the picture of the headphones.
Is there a red packet on the table?
Okay let's try this again. Can you tell me what's on this tube?
What kind of spray bottle is this?
Can you tell me what's in this packet?
What part of the eye are shown here?
What does it say on the sticker? Thank you.
Number be shown.
just curious to see whether you could read what was on the computer screen just testing this application.
Is this dry skin cream?
What's the
Tell me please the color of this shirt.
Excuse me, what is this product please? Thank you.
Is it a mobile?
Can you please tell me what it says on this CD, what does it say on this CD?
what is in this box
What food is this, please?
What kind of hard drive is this? Is it a seagate?
Hello please tell me what kind of product that is, and please let me know the preparations instructions how to make it. Thank you.
Is there a santa claus on the wall?
How many degrees on the remote control?
What is in this tube? Thank you
On this menu?
What am I doing wrong? Oh. Is this dayquil or nyquil?
could you tell me what's in this can please? thank you
What is written on the screen of the ipad?
What is the kaptcha result?
Can you tell what type of tea is in this package?
What kind of medicine is this
Does this stack look too big?
Yes, I just need to know what the captcha in this image is, thank you.
Is it still checking for problems?
What is in my hand? And what color is it?
Is this an orange?
It's not talking to me. Is there a send?
What is the temperature setting?
Can you read the text on this, please?
What color is this onesie?
Tell me what that picture was.
What type of soda is this?
Which color?
What kind of chex mix are those?
What stage is this computer in. Is it restarting still?
What is this soda called?
Which quarter is this?
what is in this bottle and what is it?
Product key for Microsoft Office, if available.
What is this person wearing?
What is the boot order for devices?
Can you tell me the title of this book?
What does screen of this radio say?
What do you guys see in the video, like in the picture? What's in the picture?
Which tv dinner is this and how do I cook it?
Can you read what is on this bag?
What food is in this bag
What does this say?
Start over.
Can you tell me if this looks like hamburger?
what can i hear on the screen.
Could you please tell me what color the bracelet is I'm wearing? Is it black, like onyx? Thank yo.
What food is in this bag?
What flavor these are?
Where is this envelope coming from?  What is the return address?
What does it show on this computer monitor screen? And if you can't see the screen, please tell me how i can correct the image.
Would you please identify this box for me?
Hi.  I know this is made by selection, but I don't know what type of spice it is.  For instance is this curry powder?  Thank you, bye bye.
What is the expiry date?
What is the weather?
Could you please tell me what temperature the oven is at?
I'd like to see if you can identify this tube. Some sort of cream.
What is on my screen?
What kind of gummy bears are these?
Could you please tell me the colors and the images of this towel if it's possible?
Do the dark clouds look like rain clouds and are they grey?
Yes, I just need a description of the label on this bottle. Please be as specific as possible. Thank you.
What kind of cup is this?
What card is this and is this right side up or upside down? Thank you.
What size is this tee shirt or singlet?
On the other shirt match?
What does the first line of this list say?
What is the amount of this money?
This is radio.
What type of chips are this?
Hello please tell me the description of the product. Thank you.
what percentage is this alcohol?
Is this shower gel, or lotion?
Is this my eye medication?
Please describe this photo for me. Thank you!
Hi, what is the design on this piece of furniture? Thank you.
Is this enchilada sauce or is this tomatoes?  Thank you.
Can you tell me what's written on this card?
Can you please tell me what is on the screen?
What kind of animal is this?
For what this medicine used?
Is there a chest piece in this picture? If so, where?
I need to know what that measures, if you would. Thank you.
what is the color of this shirt
Can you tell me the cooking time and temperature for this item? Thank you.
Could you tell me what color these trousers are, please.
What does this photo contain?
The color.
WHAT'S IN THIS BOX?
What's the name of this card?
All these off the wall answers are kind of ridiculous. Could you please tell me what flavor of dinner this is?
What's in this container? What container? Albert? Hold on babe.
Whats the expiration date on this mayonnaise please?
Your wish is my command. I have now tried to take another picture. But this time I've taken the camera out of it's case, so if you could again tell me what the cooking instructions are on this package I'd be grateful. Thank you.
What kind of drink is this bottle?
What kind of technology does this hair straightener use to heat the ceramic plates?
Can you please identify this tin?
WHAT IS THIS CORRECT THAT I HAVE AN MY HAND
Is this cup empty or full?
Hello there, how are we?  I'm just taking a picture of a voice recorder, a Phillips one and I want you to tell me what the model number is.  I believe it's the 660 or the 662, but I do need to know.  Thank you.
Describe this tan to me.0
What color are the sneakers?
What kind of tv dinner is this?
What is the computer asking for?
What does the sign in this photograph say if there is a sign?
Can you describe me this picture?
Look at this view.
What is this one please?
Is there a picture on here, and if so, what is it?
can you tell me what this box is? Is it apple cinnamon muffins or lemon cake?
Tell me how much is this tag shirt?
What is the email address on this business card?
What color skin is this?
What's the name of the station?
What is this? What brand and what flavor? Please.
Hi there can you please tell me what flavor this is?
What can you see outside this window thank you.
What does it show on the screen of the computer?  Note it is an..it is an asus 56e computer, what does it show on the computer screen?  Thanks.
Which packet contains plain flower?
Can you tell what any of this may say?
crock pot settings. Can you tell me what they are and what setting the arrow is on? Thanks.
What's on screen?
Can i have someone tell me what type of TV this is please?
What is the time on this display? What is the time on this display?
What can I clean with this bottle?
Can you say what's on this label?  Thank you.
Please describe what is on the counter and also color of counter and tiles and anything else you can see, thank you very much.
Ok, what product is that and if you can't answer that all I know is it was made by human ware, if you don't know what kind of product it is what is that little label on that thing?
I know it's an electronic device. It's a air conditioner thermostat. Could you please tell me what is it set on? Thanks.
What kind of card is this?
is there a tv in this room?
Hi, how are you?
What's this picture?
What did i just read on my pc?
Can you see what pill bottle this is and what the name is? It's Advil Care something but I don't know if it's catalyst or thermo plus.
What kind of machine is this, and who makes it?
What does this label say? Come on.
What is this object?
radio station
What's the name of this book? Thank you.
What is behind that glass window?
What color is the chair?
What kind of juice is this?
Can you read the information off this business card? The email address.
Can you tell me what this food is in this bag? Thank you.
Is, is this you?
How do I open this?
What name is ____?
What is the tv showing?
Is this a mouse
You know, I think I know what this is. Is this sour cream? What is this?
How many hats?
What does this shirt say?
what make is this computer?
Do you see a manufacturer and what the name of the collection is?
Thank you so much for your help but can you tell me if there are three CD's in this box? Because I only find two I'm hoping there are only supposed to be two. Thank you.
Can you tell me what the security question, or the security numbers and letter are so I can add this into my edit field? Thanks.
What is this a picture of?What is this a picture of? A guy with a cane in his hand.
Okay, I need to know which of these jars is the almond butter. I could go ahead and taste it, but I'm allergic to peanut butter and I don't know which jar is which. Thank you.
Can you tell what animal this is?
What do I point my camera at?
Can someone tell me what this is please?
Whats the logo on the shirt for? Thanks
Can you please identify this food, thank you.
What color is this t-shirt, and what are the colors in it?
Cookies are these?
Hi there. What's this frozen box contain and what are the instructions to cook?
Is the floor wet?
Some really really freaking hard place to look.
What kind of lime is this?
What are the names and locations of the control on this CD player?
Is this Lawry salt?
And could you also please tell me the expiration on this bottle please? Thank you.
Where did the first markers come from?
Hi, what are these buttons labeled as? I'm trying to figure out how to get this keyboard into pairing mode. Thanks.
Can you tell what brand and model this television is please?  Thank you.
What soda is this? Question mark
What is this picture of?
what is on this shirt
What is written on the packet?
The box, is it a box?
What is the title for this book?
Now can you read what's in this?
What's the color for this item? Black or white?
Are these regular potato chips, or salt and vinegar chips?
Please let me know what is in this Green Mountain coffee box. I think it might be tea.
What, what do you see?
Can you tell me what the buttons at the top and the bottom of the inner circle are labeled? Thank you.
What color is my pants.
Can you please tell me what classroom this is?
What is this and does it have a flavor or description?
What is this called ?
what pizza is this?
Please tell me what color my shirt is?
is this piece of mail?
What is the number?
So above these buttons that are here. There's like six of them. You might only see three. Are those LED lights above there, indicator lights, or are those buttons above those? They don't. They're not tactile but there's buttons.
What picture is this please?
What does it say on my screen?
What is this type of design on my shirt?
Can you tell what the screen says?
What kind of chips are these? And then someone in the world who works for the company writes back and says what it is. So that's kind of cool.
Could I have the characters actually show up better this time?
What kind of tree bark is this? What kind of tree is it from?
I know this is a food can but does it say what's in the food can?
What kind of cereal is this?
How do you show your work on the problems listed?
Does this wall setting look okay on my wall?
What is the directions for using this, I think it's Cascade gel cap dishwashing liquid. Thank you.
what color is tis plate?
Can you tell me what the ingredients are in this box please.
Can you tell what video game that is?
What does this say?  What are any words in this?
I'm in a control study for the clothing
Are these CDs or DVDs?
What is the name of this magazine?
I have had these blackberries for a week now, are they moldy yet?
Is the light on my satellite receiver turned on?
Tell me the brand.
What's the name of this book?
RECORD WHAT KIND OF CAKE CUPS ARE THESE
I just want to know if you can tell me the expiration date on this carton of milk.
Has the formatting finished?
barcode is this
Where is the select button.
Are these the new earpods.
I'm trying to figure out what's in this bottle and I'm just wondering if you're able to identify what's in this bottle.
What is in this box? So basically Annabell what I did was take a picture of the box, and probably not even a good picture of the box...
Whose jersey is this in pro sports?
Fuck this
What headphones are these?
Can you please tell me what this flavor is?
Is iOS 6.1.3 already jailbreakable?
Can you please tell me what is in this packet?
Can you please identify this frozen food. Thank you.
Can you fix this in the microwave? or is it mostly just oven directions?
I have a soda bottle on the table. Is it possible for you to tell me what bottle that is? What kind of soda?
Read this number, this captcha, for me if you can.
whats the logo on this shirt please
Is this picture clear?
What color are the shower curtains?
Can someone recognize some kind of label on this network adapter?
Would you tell me what this is?
What does the arrow say?
How good is this picture of my cat?
What kind of hot pockets are these?
What is this in the bottle?
Can you please tell me what card this is?
What is this? Whoops.
This picture.
What king of dog is this?
What does the restaurant bill say?
What does it say on this card?
What kind of soda is in this box?
Please describe this picture to me
What color is this pair of sweats?
Is the spring still all white at this point has anything changed?
What are the instructions for taking this Vitamic C?
What is on this picture?
record: can you tell me what kind of box this is. What is the name of it and the brand, please.
What color is this table? Brown.
Does that say what kind of frozen dinner it is? i cant tell myself
What print is that bag?
How clear is the text, and how much of the page is visible? Thank you.
Hi can you please tell me what color that is?
What is the scent of this hand soap?
Can you please tell me what is in this can? Thank you.
What answers do I type in to win the prize
Okay I've taken a picture of the back of my laptop and I need the serial number which is in the battery compartment on the label. If someone could help me at least tell me where it is and if it is there and if it is visible
What color is my purse?
Please read date and time of this invitation.
Does it say that? it says record a question. I think.
What is this green?
What kind of grass is this?
Hello, could you please tell me what is written on this screen please? Thank you.
Tell me what kind of bread is this? Is it white or brown bread?
What kind of tree is this?
What does it say on the screen
What color is this? It is dark gray or light gray or medium gray?
What do you see in this photograph in detail. It's a room and i want to know the placement of objects.
What's in this picture?
What name is this part of this video? Thank you.
What's the color of shirt?
Which one is DVD?
What is the name of this song?
What's the sky look like?
Can you please tell me what bottle is that?
What is this item? We got a question.
What is the name of the supplement in this bottle?
please describe what this is or state any writing that's on it.
Could you please tell me what color the bracelet is that I'm wearing.
Please tell me what the title of this book is? Thank you for your time.
What type of beer is this?
What color are these slacks?
What color is this carpet?
Are there cool ranch doritos or sour cream and onion chips?
Can you please read this screen for me?
That comment is just tasteless.
Can you read this and tell me the instructions?
What's it say to put this on?  how many minutes?
What kind of Kool-Aid is this?
What's written on the photo? thank you.
Can you tell me what this bottle is please?  Thank you.
what is it? i have to record a question!
Is there a mess on this floor?
What kind of chips are these?
Is this Neosporin?
Color is the keyboard.
Can you tell me please what frozen dinner this might be? Thanks.
What is the label on the glass jar in the picture? I think it's pasta sauce but I can't be sure.
What is this cream?
Which cleaning product is this please?
Do you think this shirt could be for business casual, question mark?
What kind of meat is it? Is this chicken or sausage oer what sort of meat? Thank you
is there anything on the screen that has to do with windows 8 install?
What is the brand name of these egg rolls?
what kind of tequila is this
What brand and flavor of K-Cup is this please?
What kind of box is this?
What kind of laundry detergent, Tide laundry detergent, is this?
Is this a game?
Is this the apple cinnamon from this side then or brown sugar maple? Thanks.
What kind of speaker is this?
Is the olive oil right or left?
Is this, are those windows? And if they are, how do I open them?
This is a table.
Is it a bank?
WHAT IS THIS
Okay. Hopefully this is right this time. I turned the bottle a little bit to the left. So, what's in this bottle.
this guy look like in this picture
What is this symbol?
what kind of beer is this?
What is this product?
Is this blue or purple?
What flavor and brand of cake is this please? Thank you.
What does that photo say?
Is this package ground chicken or chicken breast? Thank you.
Are there directions on this side of the box?
What is my daughter doing?
what's the name of this product?
Could you please describe this shirt to me?
What is the side effects of this box?
How clean is this toilet? Thank you.
Is my light on?  That is my question.
Could you please tell me what this item is?
Can you see what's in this can?
Does this match
What is this show on the screen?
Hi there. I was wondering if this can here is a Coke? Thank you very much.
coffee is this.
What is on this television screen?
Is that soap or lotion?
Is this set to fan?
How many video games are in the show?
Can you tell me what this filter says on it? Anything about the model, the make, the anything?
What kind of tea is this?  Let's hope this one works. I'm really bad at taking pictures.
Yes, this is a Google Satellite view, and I would like a specific description of this view if possible.
Can you tell me the name of this package? Or read the cooking instructions?
is there an expiration date
if the letters are in focus now, what does the search say?
is this the ghost chief
Can you please describe this box to me? Thank you.
What are the dials on this washer.
my crock pot, can you tell me the settings on it?
What's the name of the CD?
What color is my fan and is it on? Can you answer that question? Bye. Thank you.
What temperature is displayed on this thermostat?
What type of jerky is this?
What is this and is it to be put in the microwave? Or does it even say?
What scent, what fragrance is this?
Could you please identify this box?
What band is this?
There's a lot number located under the expiration date. Can you tell me what it is? It's four digits. Thanks.
Is this screen saying anything?
What is this? I need a brand name like aloe vera gel or something like that.
Can you tell me what kind of coffee this is? I know its a Keurig brand but I need to know what flavor. Thank you.
How late do you have to work today?
Can you see what's on the screen?
I'm looking for corn, is this box corn?
Thank you very much. I'm expecting two books as presents for my Wife. I'm not sure which one this one is. Can you tell me what the title of this book is? Thank you.
Is there anything listening on the screen?
what is this jar?
Hi, can you read the serial number on this device, please. Thank you. Oh.
What design is on this rug?
IS this DVD the Sound of Music?
What brand is that car?
This product?
No question, I just would like to thank you all for all the entries that you have submitted.
Could you tell me what color this shirt is please? Thanks.
what kind of acaundian is this?
What brand and variety are these chips?
What's the email on this page?
What about now, what's on the screen?
The clouds look like they're building up for a big storm.
What kind of bottle is it?
Can you see what product it is now?
How do you delete IOS5 from Apple Touch.
Is there anything on this page?
If it's possible can you please the information of this product please?
Can you tell me what the label says on this box please?
Where is the mint?
What does this house look like?
What do I feed this?
What side will turn off the oven?  Is it the left side or the right side to turn off oven?
What is the key on the back of this computer?
can you tell me or describe this t-shirt?
What kind of drink is this, please? Thank you.
Can you please tell me what the buttons in the middle in the circle are?  Thank you.
Which coupon is this?
What kind of packet is that?
How many video games are in the three shelves?
What brand and item is this?
what color is this char please
It's cold.  It wasn't earlier, now it is.
Looking what I get after the recording screen.
Is this peanut or almond flavor?
What kind of salad dressing is this?
This can?
What brand of printer is this?
Can I ask about anything or any information without taking any pictures?
Can you tell me what this is? Is it possible to read any of it?
What flavor is this spice?
What bottle is this? What dressing is it? Thank you.You can just plop down on the floor anywhere.
mine isn't working.
Let's try this again. Can we get any cooking directions off of this box?
ARE YOU ABLE TO SEE THE SELECTED OPTIONS I HAVE? DO YOU SEE WHERE IT SAYS HIGHLIGHTED?
Who are the wrestlers in on this DVD?
Can you tell what's in the bottle pictured?
What does it say on the sticker, on the back of the computer?
Screen, thank you.
Please tell me the instructions on this shampoo bottle.
What state is this computer in? Is it restarted still? Is it trying to sort out its hard drive and scan disk or is it fully booted up on the desk top?
How old was Madhushala?
How do you like this picture?
What an good is this?
What is this and what does it say?
Is this broke?
what is the over temperature, please?
What's the make of this phone, and the model please?
What type is this?
How much time is remaining?
Is this a girl?
What kind of Wolfgang Puck coffee is this?
What  can you see on this screen?
What kind of Dr. Pepper is this?
Tell me what the Ipad screen says.  Thank you very much.
Which one is tomato soup?
What color was it and what was the view please?
Can you please tell me what these buttons on the microwave are?
This is Brian. What color is this?
Can you tell me what's on the screen now, if anything's changed?
Are the Altoids sugar free?
WHAT DO YOU SEE?
Which drops are for the ears?
What is this product? Thank you
What is on this box, and can you tell me any written information.
Is this Can?
What color is my jacket?
Okay. I flipped it over. What flavor is it?
What is this packet?
what kind of fruit is this?
I'm looking for the model number of this printer and possibly the serial number. But I don't believe that will be on the bit of the photo I've taken of.
What type of kcup is this, coffee or tea? And what flavor?
Hi, can you see the cooking instructions for this dish?
Is this strength the five?
is this screen on the desktop or is there any word on here involving installing updates
Can you please tell me what canned food item this is?
Is there any cars in that garden?
What food am I looking at?
What film is this?
Does this jewelry match this outfit?
Is there model number information on this box?
Hi, what color is this cup? And does it say anything? Thank you.
Is this salt?
What does this screen say please?
Is there a light on in my room?
What brand peanut are these?
Is bright light odd?
How many fingers are there on the pages?
Want to know what is in this can?
What product is this made by?
Is this sloppy joe mix or something else?
What is my cat doing?
What flavor of dinner is this?
Is the expiration date?
What color are the pajamas that I have on?
Guy in this picture look like?
Flavor is this?
What is the color on the bottle?
What's the name of this coffee?
Hi do the sheets that are directly behind the, do the top sheets directly behind each respective fitted sheet match each other?
Orange or solitary.
Does this milk expire?
What is on the screen
Can you see the directions this time? I really need to know how to make this, thank you.
Can you tell me what kind of cereal this is please?
what color is the shirt
What is in the tin?
Does this box have any decorations on it?
Can you see the grounder model in this picture now that it is out of the direct sunlight?
Is this shake and bake for chicken or pork?
Can you please identify this package? Thank you.
What flavor of oatmeal is this?
what is that, bill?
what is this bottle of mobile?
Can you please tell me what kind of tooth paste this is? I need to brush my teeth and I need to know now
what time is it
Can you see the label or any indication that this was interest
What color is the ceiling and how many lights are up there?
yes I need a description of this Google street view image. Thank you.
What type of motif is on this t-shirt please?
What fruit stand is this?
What color is that girl's shirt?
What's the name of this wine?
What flavor of chips is this packet?
for how long do i cook this in the microwave?
What color are my jeans? What color are my jeans?
Can you read the, I think it's called the SID number, for this devise, thank you
What is the label on this can?
Is my screen on or off?
What type of Keurig is this?
What color, what color is the wallet?
Could you tell me which flavor of Pringles this is?
What color are the clouds you see in the picture?
there. Unseen amongst a bottle of gatorades. I'm going to test e - I'm going to send a picture of gatorades, or I'm going to send a picture of a few gatorades and I'm looking for an orange one. What color gatorade is this.
What flavor of meal is this?
Is there anything visible on the screen?
What is in this package?  What I usually
Can you tell me which Taste of the Wild this is? It's either Rocky Mountain or Canyon River. Can you tell me which one it is; not just what brand it is?
CAN YOU PLEASE DESCRIBE WHAT IS ON THE PAGA AND HIS ORIENTATION THANK YOU
Which of these, if any, is evaporated milk?
Which one are my grey pants?
please describe this bar of chocolate for me
Is it possible for you to read the item number that was on the label, I just took a picture of please? I know it's small, but maybe we can. Thank you.
What does this t-shirt look like, color and picture?
What color is the blouse?
Do you see a bug anywhere? Thank you.
I should probably do it with voice over on, but that's okay.
Do you think I just need to press Enter or does the cursor need moved first?
What does it show on the screen of this computer?
What color are my toenails?
What is that the container?
Ok hope it works this time. What kind of soup is this?
What is, what did I take a picture of?
Is there a stain on this shirt?
Can you tell me the detail of the food in this thing?
What kind of shirt is this?
Good morning, could you please tell me what is in the can in my right hand? Thank you.
What is shown in the little rectangular window?
From left to right what are the controls of this crock pot from off, high, medium and low, what where's high and the?
Record. What is this a tin of?
paper show?
oven set to thanks?
Can you tell me the instructions please.
Do you guys see the word mac ID? And if you do, what's the Mac ID number?
What is the picture of? In other words, what's in the picture?
What is the name of this DVD?  Thank you.
I was wondering what percent of the sky is black from this Northwestern shot.
What do you reckon?
For her alone do I cook this in the microwave.
This is number three.
What do these slippers look like?
I'm trying to figure out what this slider left to right is and what it's set to.
Is this right side up or up side down? Thank you.
What brand of sunglasses is this?
Can you please describe this tie.
What is this sir?
What is this?
Is this stewed tomatoes or whole peeled tomatoes?
what device is this
Is this garlic fish?
What type of dinner is this? What does the box say?
What the does the sky look like?
What am I looking at right now?
What are the cooking directions? Can you read me the cooking directions?
There is a recessed area with three buttons in it; can you tell me what the top and bottom buttons are? Thank you.
Hello, I know this is febreze, but can anyone tell me what type of febreze, as in what fragrance?
What color is this T-shirt please?
Could you describe this shirt to me, please?
is that?
Product key for this version of Office.
What color is my telephone?
Is the soda
Are you able to see the name of the seasoning on this one?
Is this red or white wine?
What are the two buttons?
Clouds in the sky in this picture and if so what color are they and what do they look like?
I guess I'm getting onto Wi-Fi, and then I record a question, like what is this black thing?
What is this a picture of? Thinking.
What precisely can you see in this photo?
what kind is seizing is this?
What color are these.
Are these grapes and if so are they healthy?
What scent of soap is this?
Is there any writing on this box please?
What color is this curtain?
Is it black?
What kind of 2 liter bottle is this?
Can you tell me what's on this screen please?  If at all readable or anything like that.
Which is this?
What color are the feathers?
What is the expiration date on this cream?
Please explain the image.
I was wondering if you could please tell me what the captcha is in this picture.
What is the current air temperature?
What is the color of these glasses?
What time is it and what kind of clock is it?
What's on this can?
it's a box
What brand of coffee cream is this please?
Which flavor is this one?
Is someone standing there?
what is this item?
What does this writing say?
What color is this blouse?
Please read to me what it says on this display please. Thank you.
Ok, it's right before casual. How many do I need to go to get to heavy? Do I go to the right or to the left?
What color is this pass?
Which country does this belong to?
What are these buttons on the microwaved labeled? And how are they laid out? And what is currently displayed on the screen? Thank you.
What kind of spider is this?
Is there someone there 24 hours a day, answering questions?
What is this that I'm holding in my hand?
What is what is this
Describe this garment color, please.
Is this black or purple?
What prescription is this ?
is this the blu-ray?
what is the picture of
Can you read this seven day forecast and write it out in the app so I can use voice over to read it? It's a seven day forecast
Can you tell me what the label on this meat wrapper is? If it's for hamburger or sausage? Thank you.
Which item is highlighted?
what is this and how much it cost
Does this side of the box say anything?  Type of coffee or whatnot?
What company is this by?
Oh cool ok it's Thursday here so uh if you could tell me that one that would be awesome thanks.
hello im not sure what is this
What is the nutritional value and price and different flavors that the Luna bar?
Author and title of this book please. Thank you.
What color is the mat?
What kind of copy is this?
Is my computer on?
What color, what color is this shirt?
Could you please tell me the name and possibly the model number of the coffee maker in this picture? Thank you.
This is Brooklyn Beans coffee, what flavor is it?
Can you please tell me what the t-shirt says.
What is this bottle, item?
this is a test
Where is the printer?
Could you please tell me what this item is? Thank you.
what is in the box?
Gonna try again. I need the conventional oven temperature, the number of minutes and whether to puncture it. Thank you very much. I hope you can read this. If not give me some kind of feedback as to where to move the camera.
You can tell me what kind of perfume is this? (intelligible)
There seems to be something on the pavement. It may be a sign that's fallen over. Please can you tell me what it is? Thank you.
is it stripes or flowers
Hi, is it possible for you to read the back of this box and tell me what the cooking instructions are for microwaving this meal? I'm not sure if you can see it or not but thanks for trying. Thanks.
Can you tell me what button is what on this machine?
What does this message say?
Is the computer restoring itself or is it waiting for me to do something else?
What is this model?
is this a globe?
What is the contents contained in this bottle?
What color is this radio?
Thank you
What color are they?
What's the cooking measurements and instructions?
Why is this computer not booting up?
What cent?
Hey could you please tell me if this took the picture of the tv stand.
Can you tell me what's on this envelope, please?
What color are the cabinets?
Hello, what's this button, please?  Thank you.
how much money is this
If it can be read, what does the text in this captured image say?
What is on the, what is on the tv?
What color is the light?
What is in this chart
What color is my lamp?
Is there any what you can tell me what box that is? I don't even know if I can take a picture of it right, being a blind guy but I'm doing my best. Thanks.
Is this picture a good view of the inside of my medicine cabinet? I'm trying to find out because I need to send pictures to the medicine cabinet company because it needs some repair.
I have a description of the clouds in this picture.
Where does the number one key start on this keyboard?
What type of pills are in this bottle?
Is this color?
What is this a picture of? What bottle?
WHAT KIND OF WINE IS THIS?
What shade of red is this bag?
What type of burritos are these?
What flavor of ice cream is this again?
What type of gum is this? What type of gum is this?
What brand and type of multivitamins is this? And can you read the label, please?
What is that color of her red lip?  Tell me about all the color contained.
What color is the candle?
What are the bottom buttons from left to right on the thermometer panel?
Is my desktop screen showing up?  Thanks.
What flavor is this? What flavor is this please? Thank you.
I am formatting the hard drive I need to know what percentage has been formatted
Where can I buy this?
Describe any pattern you see in the table.
Can you tell me what this itunes gift card says?  The code on it, or if I have it facing right?
What's on this key ring?
I want this to be set to 68. Can you tell me what it is?
Could you please tell me what this fragrance is?  Thank you.
What's visible on this shirt?
What is this?  I need to know what it is, thank you.
What mineral is this?
Who is that?
Please identify this picture?
What's on this t-shirt? Please, thank you.
What is the color of the table cloth?
Can you tell me how to make this product?
list the name of this product
what is the name of the product in the can in the picture?
What type of burger is in this box?
Can you tell me everything this product label says?
Can identify this bottle? Shampoo, conditioner or lotion?
What page number is visible on this page? Thank you.
Where is the coffee?
okay i wish there was an easier way to do this but if you can even see the brand name of the lasagna that would probably help out a little bit anyway.
Tell me what color is these chips?
What type of tomatoes do I have?
Who's on the cover of the book.
What are these used for?
What is it? What is it? let's see if this works, alright I couldn't do it in my class.
From left to right, what is in each bottle?
I need to know what's in this package?
What type of can is this?
What is on this booklet that you can see? Please describe everything that you can see.
Can you tell me what size this shirt is?
Good morning. Could you please tell me what flavor of Keurig coffee this is? I know it's cinnamon but is it cinnamon roll, or cinnamon pastry or just what? Thank you.
What kind of seed is this? From what tree?
where is my slipper?
Is there any chance that you can read any of this?
Yes, I need to determine the two words in this captcha image. Thank you very much.
What is on the screen? And what kind of screen is it?
This is a short wave radio, if you can read it what is the frequency on the screen
What bill is that?
What are the baking directions for this pie? Thank you.
What's on the screen, please?
What are the contents for the description of this item in this box?
What has numbers on this tablet?
What is the name of this book?  Thank you.
What type of medication is this?
How long do i cook this for?
Record.  What is this vegetable? Record. Back. Button. Record.
Is my light on? And I have one other question. Is there really people looking at pictures and answering questions in the middle of the night?
What color is this lamp shade?
Whats on this screen?
What is the expiration of this bus pass?
whats your advice on pointing the camera so that I can get an accurate synopsis
What is that that I just took a picture of?
What is written on the paper?
Could you please tell me what color this is?
What does this jar say? Can't find it.
what is this  a box of
Tell me, in this screen, what is this window? What you can see, exactly?
What is this container consist of?
What sort of insect bite is this?
Is this shampoo, or conditioner, or soap?
Hello. Please tell me the instructions for this shampoo. Thank you.
What text is on this Label?
Is this a decongestant?
What can you see in this picture?  Thanks.
Is my monitor on or off?
What is in this box please
what scent of body wash is this?
What does the label on these CD's say?
Now, I have a second bag of coffee. What is the name of this one? Thanks.
What letters am I supposed to enter in to claim the prize?
they would like for us to take an 8 digit id number
How long?
Hey can you tell me how much this weighs? Thanks.
How many calories are in Ensure?
Does this milk have an expiry date?
From left to right, can you tell me what kind of beer this is?
Can you tell now?
What is this identification card?
What is the gingerbread man in?
What does this page say?
What is please?
What can you see in the picture?
What is the amount of gift money and from which country?
What are these cassettes?
I know this is a spray bottle but is it 409 or showercleaner or what?
What was this girl doing?
Is this a pen?
What flavor Bacardi Breezer is this?
What is in these bottles from left to right?
What is on this paper?
What, what's this?
What is in this box? Thank you
Can you please tell me the progress of the discount that's taking place?
What coin is this, please?
What am I pointing the camera at?
Yes, I need to determine what the visible labels on this fax machine are, the buttons on this fax machine. Thank you.
what type of medicine is this?
Please describe this poster.
Where is the webcam?
Please rate the counter.
what dinner is this?
What spice is this thank you
What did that say?
Is this water?
What color paint is this?
Could you tell me what this is?
Okay, I just wanted to know who the return address is on the, or what the return address is on this envelope on the upper left hand corner.
what does this one say?
What does the thermostat read?  Thank you.
Are the lights on or off? Thank you I would like to know.
Is it? What is it?
It says in progress so I'll see what it does
What color furniture is that?  And is that nice table and chairs?
What is that? What is that?
What's the name of this medicine?
What size are these gloves?
What kind of sodapop?
What brand is a teco?
What color is keyboard?
It's money.
Can you tell what type of medicine this is?
Can you tell me if this side of the tag says to dry clean or to be able to be washed on these curtains? Thank you.
Can you tell me if this meat package says sausage or ground beef? Thank you.
What does this text say?
Is there any writing on these pants tag.
Can you tell me what it shows on the screen now, if it gives any instructions on what I need to do? I'm blind and cannot see the screen.
What color are these towels?
This package?
Just say.
What's written on it?
Tshirt show, thank you.
what does it say on the computer screen?
What breed of dog is this?
What's in this tube?
What color is on the left?
What is up?
What does the spring say?
What color do these look?
What is my weight, please? Thank you
Which one is real sugar?
What is this product? Please, and thank you.
What are the instructions on this box?
Plant status.
Can you tell me what's in this envelope please?
How many pencils are in this jar?
what color are these beads
What colors are in this shirt? Can you hear my question?
Is there is a light on on this thing?
what's in this bottle?
What is in this thing? Thank you.
What flavor pizza is this?
What material is this shirt?
What's highlighted right now and is there an option to boot from a USB flash drive somewhere?
What kind of word is this?
What what bill is this?
Did I win?
Can you tell what type of oatmeal packet is on the left and what type of oatmeal packet is on the right?
I would like to know the contents of this can, please.
What is the day?
Tell me the value of this card.
What's assisting?
Testing, What is this?
On what side is the up arrow?
What's the make and model of that car, and what's the license plate number?
green beans
Is this whipped cream?
Is there a date on this?
Make out what this says?
What's the model number, if it's visible?
What kind of blinds are these?
What kind of pants is that?
Would like copying instructions please?
Hi, in the top left corner of this page is a CAPTCHA, I hope you can read it. Thanks very much.
what color is this hat also is there writing?
Yes, I just need to know the label and dosage information on this bottle. Thank you.
Please describe the pattern of this shirt, and the color
what is this piece of mail for and where is it from
does this coffee decaf?
Can you see the two of them?  This is my third try.
Hi. Can you give me the serial number of this device?
That wasn't quite what I was looking for but hey now I need to know how to cook these parsnip if there is any cooking instructions on this label I'd appreciate if you tell me thank you.
what kind of wine is this?
what is this right here?
What is this screen telling me or asking me to do?
Describe the pattern on the shirt I'm wearing. Colors and everything.
Could you tell me which color of shirt this is?
I'm so sorry. I don't know how to... I've never really taken a picture of this type of thing before.
Is the air conditioner on dehumidifier or air?
What is on the cover of the book?
What the color is?
Can you tell me the color of this shirt and what's on the front? There's something on the front of it and I want to know the color of the shirt as well, please.
What color jacket is the person in front of me wearing?
What is it for?
Please read what is written on the pamphlet.
What color is my - ?
Yeah i'd just like to know if there was a label on this bottle and if there was dosage information that can be seen? thank you very much.
What is this product? I hope I finally got the French side in view.
What kind of bird is this?
Its not crashing.
What frequency is this radio on?
Please tell me the temperature that I have set this oven to. Thank you.
What is that bill?
Is there a queens head on this fifty cent please?
Can you tell what type of Dell computer this is from this sticker? Is it a Dell 1012?
Quarter is this?
What kind of path is this
What flavor are these noodles?
What temperature is my air conditioner set at?
what is this???  but its nice
What is the answer to the question of life, the universe and everything?
Can you tell if this has one line or two lines or a plus sign or a minus?
Can you tell me what's in this can, please? Thank you.
What brand is this speaker? And what color is it, and what shape is it in, and where does it come from?
What note is this?
Is this a bag of split beans?
What color, what color is it?
What does the p mean on the cup?
Tell me the name of this CD.
Can you please read me the captcha text, it should be a few letters or a word that is blurry ear a box that you type in, thank you.
are you able to see the security on this for me?
color is this?
Hi, what is this, please?  Can you tell me what this is, please?
You can email this address in this business card.
What does the computer screen say?
What is this cleaner?
Can you tell me what this says? Thanks.
Could you please describe this shirt as best as possible? I know it's a t-shirt, but I don't know what kind it is.
What temperature is this?
What is this rice please?
What is the logo? How do you stop the recording? How do you stop the?
What's in this jar please? And thank you very much.
Descriptions this, pictures in color please.
Is there a serial number on this battery?
what does the display say?
What are the numbers on this ?? kit?
Can you tell me what it says after the arrow?
What floor?
What is this can of soda?
Does the back of this box show what languages are supported in the movie?
when does this expire?
What color is this singlet?
What color is this shirt and what is the pattern on it?
What is on this label? The name of the label, please.  And what space?
Hi, what does this package contain?
Is there also a scale in the picture?
What it is a?
What's written on the red button?
What album is this? What is the name of this record album?
How many are in this package?
What's in this bottle?
Tell me what this item is please.
If you can see the temperature, what is it? If you can't, that's ok.
What's the temperature?
Which is the diet coke button?
What room is this?
Could you tell me the usage instructions for this shampoo? thank you.
Is this a granite cleaner?
I need to know what key is the question mark key. Where is the question mark key?
What are those berries? They're grown in the Netherlands.
Can you tell me what's in this can please? Thank you.
What type of earl is this?
Type of the cream?
What is this food package?
What's in this bottle.
Can you roughly tell me what's on this screen?
I just want to see if we can get what kind of -- drink this is.
I'm trying to determine what this jar is. It looks like pasta sauce, but I can't tell. I got a mystery bag of groceries in the grocery delivery yesterday and I'm trying to figure out what these things are.
Can you tell how much this says I weigh?
I had to do a whole new character thing, I forgot to fill something out so can you tell me what this security thing is?
What is my computer screen showing?
Yes, this is the front of an HP probook laptop. I just need to know if there's anything visible that looks like it could be a slot for a card reader? Thank you.
Agenda item number two.
How do I make this stuffing mix?
Would you please tell me whats in this bottle? I know it's beer, but what sort please? Thank you!
Can you tell me what information is in the central display? Thank you.
What type of snack is this?
Okay talk. What's the orange paper?
What does the sky look like? Thank you.
What is this song?
What are the directions of this product?
what color is it
Crock pot settings from left to right. Thank you.
What are the directions to take daily?
What kind of vitamins are these please?
What kind is this floor, thank you.
What do you use it for again exactly? The white bottle, or the what is that?
Can you see what that is ?
tell me what this is, I don't know. Thank you.
Can you see the brand or model in this picture?
What is this problem?
I need some help using this application.
Hello, out there, would you please so kind to tell me whats on this photo? Thanks a lot. Martin Kirtner.
do you see any pink lines on this device, if so how many?
How much is this?
What is out the window?
Please tell me what's on the screen. Thank you.
What ipod generation is that?
What page number is displayed on this page? Thank you.
What kind of food is in this can?
What is this? It's made in China and it says Smart Cook on it.
What kind of wallflower is this?
Simplify the following expression.
will you please describe this card and it orientation ie. upside down or right side up
What is the computer screen showing?
This is a test picture.
Can you tell if this is on high or low pressure?
Can you tell me what color this car is?
Is this lotion?
what denomination is this bill please?
This picture clear or do I need to adjust the camera?
Hi, what type of food is this? Thanks.
What kind of camera, I mean box is this?
What's this bottle?
What is this food, please?
can you tell where the blackberry bushes in relation to the front door?
What kind of potatoes are those.  Oh.
Can you tell me what the frozen dinner is here? If you can see oven instructions for preheating the convention oven and the number of minutes that would be great to. Thank you.
How many carbohydrates are in one serving size?
Good morning, which version of tide is this?
excuse me, tell me what is this thing
can you see it now, how long do i put this in the oven for?
How about telling me what this shirt says please thank you so much
It's the quarter.
Who is that person on TV?
what's in this can
What room number is this?
Can you please tell me what this harddrive says on the back?
What does this screen saying?
Yes, this is a Google Street view image. I need a description of what is in this picture, and I need to know if there's anything looks like a bus stop visible.
What kind of pot pie is this?
Is this on stand dehumidifier or air?
Do the greyest clouds this morning look like storm clouds, or just regular clouds?
Okay, what does the error message say?
How many chargers are plugged into this outlet?
Does this card have husband or wife on it?
What do you think this is?
What was in the bag?
Is this some kind of logo or a picture of a bus or what?
what size jump drive this is?
Could someone tell me exactly what this item is before I wrap it as a gift? Thank you.
What bill is this?
How many grams of salt in this container?
Can you please describe to me what's on the card and its orientation? Thank you.
What page number is this?  Thank you.
Is this a microsoft mouse?
Hi.  What is the food that's in this package?  Thank you very much.
What is in the can?
Where do you think I could get a power cord?
Do you know how to take the sim off on this phone? This is Galaxy Nexus.
Find the answers to the following questions that were provided.
Read the things on the box under the box and tell me which color.
Calorie count for this product?
What does this code say?
Can you tell me what the label is on this bottle?
Is the light off?
How many games are on the fed and how late do you work tonight?
Do you see a brand name on this side of the box? If so, please tell me what it is.
this is a 5$ bill
What color has the light?
Can you tell what this is a gift card for?
what color is this dog?
Is it half and remote control?
What colors are this hat?
what is this a can of?
What does the back of the shirt say?
Who makes this brand of kl
What color is the castle?
Alright it's not on Eric's fence.
what kind of flower is this?
What make of car is this?
What is in this bag?
Is this a pear?
what type of dog is this
Can you tell me what this pizza says?
Which one is coke zero?  The one on the left or the one on the right?
What color is it please?
What this? What this?
What are key resources are managers for assisting with loss prevention?
What is currently being displayed on my screen?
What are, what are the numbers on this card?
Is this page blank?
What's the color of this?
Can you tell me what ice cream this is please? Thank you.
Describe this item.
What's this box? What is it? What kind of box is this? What's in this box?
Does anybody know what this is?
What kind of insect is this?
What are these arrows on this washer pointing at? Thanks.
What's the five digit number on the top right corner?  Thanks.
What does the cap say?
Can you please tell me what page number is on this page? Thank you>
What is the exact label on this bottle?
What type of insect is this?
What's the date on this paper?
What's written on this bottle?
What is the phone number that is on this brochure? It's a toll free number.
What's the amount that goes into the nickle holder piece?
What city is this?
Which scent is this?
Is this a TV remote in front of me?
What I have is this data
what's the color of the animal
Can you see it? What color is it?
Can you tell me what product this is, please?
If this is a clear photo of the back of this device showing all controls, could someone email it to me at mike@mello.com? Thanks. I need help posting this on the web and I don't know if it's a clear shot.
Can you print that is on my TV?
Could you tell me the color of this shirt, please?
What brand is this shaver?
What does these look like?
I just wanted to know what the label is on this bottle? Thank you.
IS there a picture on this tv screen?
What's highlighted in this dialog box?
What is the color of this phone?
Hello. Can you please tell me the name of the city? Thank you.
Can you read who this christmas card is from?
What's in this picture and would you have a recipe please?
Can you tell me what picture this is?
Can you tell what the picture is?
I know 10 O'clock is heavy load, but where is the dial sitting now? At what number on a clock?
WHat is the name of this thing and model, please?
Could you tell me what these options say? Do this list from top to bottom.
what has this picture got in it, what kind of things? What kind of stuff?
What type of bottle is this?
I'm looking at a remote control, trying to find the input selector or the mode selector, and I need it in relation to the other buttons. I know the top right is the power, so thanks.
What is this TV dinner and what flavor is it?
What color is this ear-pods case?
What kind of coffee is this? Is it flavored?
What is the label on the glass jar in the picture? I'm trying to figure out what is in the jar.
What color is my pants?
need to know how to grill these burgers thank you.
What is this book?>
What does this prompt ,press which key to go into configuration mode. What is the key?
Does this say
What's the date on these eggs?
Can you tell me what the graphics on the bag look like? Thank you.
This product.
what breed of dog is this?
What can you see in this photo?
May I please ask for the thermostat to be read out, including the status of the temperature the thermostat is supposed to go off at as well as if its set to air conditioner or heater? Thank you very much.
What color are these wine glasses?
Could you tell me what this can is please?
Is my light on? I don't know.
WHAT KIND OF BABY FORMULA IS THIS?
What did I put in this jar?
Hello, please tell me what's present on this screen. Thank you.
What make, model, and year of car is this emblem off of?
Is it a fax? Is it a box?
What it is?
Can I go now?
Read this label. Thank you.
can you tell me what these two packages are please?
WHAT KIND OF DRINK IS THIS?
Can you tell me what this label is please?
can you tell me what this is a picture of?
What's the brand of this chocolate?
What can you see in this picture?
hello what's in the bag, thanks
What color is this cartridge?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry about that.  I'm trying to figure out what kind of spray this is because I think it's something either to do your hair with or something to put on your skin but I'm not sure and there's no one out here that can help me so
What kind of coffee is this, is this decaf or regular?
Is the computer turned on? I'm not sure.
What window screen do you see on my computer monitor?
Okay, I need to know which of these jars is the almond butter. I could go ahead and taste it, but I'm allergic to peanut butter, and I don't know which jar is which. Thank you.
... Here is a goofy girl? ... I'm just trying something
Can you tell me what this is? It's some kind of medication.
What is this box? I'm not sure if I have the camera pointed to it correctly.
I need to know what is in the contents of this box, if you could tell me please. I didn't understand the last answer; it didn't sound like anything I owned, but I know that I may-
Is this beer non-alcoholic or regular beer?
How many fingers in this hand?
Is the light on
Is this whipped cream? Is it edible?
What is this?  And then you press this twice again to turn it off.
What flavor biscuits are these?
Can you tell me what this book is a picture of?
What kind of cleaning product is this?
What bottle is this please?
What number or letter in the picture?
Can you tell me what's in that can?
What is in this box
What's on the screen now?
this sweater.
How long does this have to be cooked in the oven?
I need to know what kind of pills these are please.
Would you mind describing what's in this picture for me?
Can you give me the answer to the CAPTCHA?
Are these jeans stained?
Michael, computer froze. What does the screen say, is it the blue screen of death? Thank you.
Do the stones look real?
Can you tell me what colors are on my shirt please? Thank you.
Is this an application for first time students or returning graduates?
What species of mushroom is this?
Is this white?
Is this a can of almonds or mixed nuts?
Where can I get a TV set like this?
What is this product? And that you don't even have to do that. There's two different ways and I have them both set up. A real person actually looks at it and answers you on a web place and then there's another
What is this dollar bill?
What kind of k-cup is this?
Whats written on this envelope?
Is this generic Zoloft?
I'm just testing.  What is this?  Thank you.
Is this Obama?
Yes, this is a medication bottle.  I'm going to try this again and I just wanted to know if there is a label and dosage information visible.  Thank you.
What kind of soup is this? Hope this works.
What type of plant is that?
Hi.  Me again.  It's the same photo, I've just changed position, I hope.  So, still wondering what it is. Thanks.
What is the layout of this fridge?
What color is the container in this picture?
What's the status now?
What type of wipes are these?
Description this box picture. Thanks for help.
What food is inside this packet?
What's the layout according to this picture of this bedroom?
Can you see the model of this tablet device?
Hi, what is the design on this furniture? Thank you.
Hi, I'm trying to cancel from a dating site, and it requires a code that I hope I've gotten a picture of. I need to know what code to put in presumably that's on this page so that I can then put in and
What color is this sock?
What's in this captcha?
I'm using this new app. Trying out this new service. Think it's going to be a great for me. Would you be able to tell me what kind of bottle this is? Not sure-
Hello, I was wondering what kind of bill that is?
Is the one of the left salt or the one on the right salt?
What kind of 12 pack of soda is this?
Can you see the label? What does the label say its price is?
What kind of food product is this?
What color is this phone case?
Describe this shirt. Take two. Thanks.
What is this a package of?
Does this have any writing on it?
Could you tell me the flavor of this coffee please? I might have the wrong side. Thank you.
Can you read the name of this bottle please?
How much is those cigarettes?
What does this coffee can label say?
What, how many ounces is this can?
What are the names and locations of controls on this CD player?
this thing
What does it show on the computer screen?
What color is this and what does it say?
What flavors does pam come in?
Can you please tell me the 1-800 number on this card?
What is this? What is this?  What is this?
wHATS ON THE SCREEN?
Tell me, what's the best meal there--I mean, in McDonald's. Because I'm a new customer.
I need to know what is in this can thank you
This bottle.
Is this room a mess?
Please tell me the sodium level.
What color are these pair of pants?
What is the code in my hand?
You tell me what kind of vehicle or what type of vehicle this is?
This is the box?
What color is his shirt?
can you tell what the computer screen says
What is this piece of paper? What does it say?
What does a T-shirt say?
Wanna find out how many watts and how old this precision power car audio amplifier is
Can you tell me how to make this?
Hi can you tell me what wine is this? Thank you.
what kind f crackers are these?
What color shirts would this tie go with?
I just want to know the result of this calculation.
What type of beans are this?
What is the size of this box?
How many keys are on this keyring?
Product key for this version of office?
Is someone standing at the door?
Number is this?
What is this and can I type a question in noisy environments?
What's the instructions on this box?
What is it, again?
What's inside this box?
Are these blue or green balls?
What's in this tin? Thank you.
Yes, this is an image from the Google Streetview. I need a detailed description of the image. I need it to have as specific and detailed as possible.
What ingredients do I need?
Can you tell me what type of cheese this is?
What kind of juice boxes are these?
Tube is this?
Hi, we're partying and we're drinking a beer. And I wondering which kind of beer I'm drinking. Because, it's pretty good and I wanna buy it again. So, if you could tell me. Thank you.      It said bye.
What is this on this.. what is the label on this cover? What's the name?
Can you see what color this is?
I didn't
Can you tell me who this is and is this a baseball card thank you.
Specifically, what card is this and is this right side up or upside down? Thank you.
Can you tell me what is this?
Would you please tell me the flavor of this coffee?
What's in that box?
Describe the design of this shirt.
What type of caterpillar is this?
What team is this hat for?
Is the picture on this card the logo, is it Master, Visa or Ammex?
Hello, I'm trying to label these wires. Can you please tell me what color this one is? Thank you.
What is this perfume?
Cleaning. What is it?
is this a beer can?
What is the sodium content of this can of food?
Okay, what is the color of this outfit? And is it spotted? Are there any spots on it?
This is a blank screen. What color is it? Is there any text there?
In this picture.
What's the name of this audio book and the actual number of the disc?
What did I just take a picture of
what does the short say?
Can you, can someone tell me what color this stuffed animal is?
What's in the bottle
What does the label of this package of meat say?
what is on this box thank you
What temperature is this oven set for?
What is the number on this ID card?
Can you please tell me whats on this label?
What have I taken a picture of please?
What color is this seat?
What is this? How long do you work today?
Hi thanks for letting me know this is startup repair.  It might take a while here, but I really want to try and actually get myself back into windows, I'm an IT Technician, so all I really need...
where's the cat?
What type of guitar is this?  Type of guitar.
What does this pregnancy test show? Positive or negative?
This candy bar can be identified?
the color is correct but they are pants, and they're actually corduroy.
Would you please tell me what the CD says?
What flavor is this can of pop?
Please tell me what's on this bottle.
Is the light on in that room?
Tell me what this says?
Does it say anything on this tag? How can I make it so I can clearly focus a tag, and it can be read?
Do the clouds look like storm clouds? What I'm saying is does it look like it's going to rain here or storm?
What does the dial indicate as the top facing number?
Out of curiosity, where is the best place to hide a dead body?
How can I improve the picture quality?
What does the front of this car or truck look like as far as the layout goes?
Tell me what this screen says.
What brand tissues are these?
This is a dog named Manny probably.
What is the photo, what's the, what's the screen size?
Where is displayed?
What does the writing say?
What's the name on these two cds?
What is the, what is that?
Is this a girl or a man?
What color is Emma wearing?
How skewed is this photo and how clear is it? Thank you.
Can you read this label clearly? I have had trouble with it before, can you tell me if it is hamburger or sausage?
Can you tell what soda this is?
What flavor cereal is this?
Can you tell if these doritos are the nacho cheese or the pizza flavor ones thank you.
Let's see if that's any better.  I moved the camera over some.  Thanks.
can you see the screen?
This thing has two different engines.  There are volunteers who look at it and will tell you and then there is a computerized one that...
What does the corridor look like?
What is in this jar?
what is in this can ?
What is directions for the box?
Can you read the tag? How do I improve that?
Is this skirt?
On what side is the up arrow button?
Please give me a detailed formation about this picture.  Let's try it.
Is my fan on and what color is it?
Can you tell me what it says on the box here? Thank you.
What does this photo say and is there any capital letters in it?
Is this coke diet or regular?
How many miles does this car have?
>What is it?
What number display?
Okay and I know that these are chicken breast strips. And I wonder since I'm showing the back of the package if you can tell if they're precooked or not. Thanks, and if not you're only human.
I'm trying to figure out what these small stainless steel what appear to be cupcake cups are for.  There made in Sweden.
What color is this duffle bag?
How tall is the Washington Monument?
Can you tell me whether this is body lotion or shower gel?
Yes, I was wondering what color flowers this futon cover had on them. I was trying to match my apartment's decor. Thank you so much.
Please confirm the oven setting, please.
Are the lights on or off?
What three letters do I type in to win?
in this picture?
Help with question.
What type of drink is that?
What type of soda is in this can?
I don't need a picture to be looked at, I need a website menu to be looked at, I need a website menu for a food place, it's veggieheavenmtclair.com. If you could look at the menu and tell me what there is on there, that would be
What is the number? What is the number?
Can you see a bottle in this picture? And if so, what is it?
What is this? What is it?
What kind of tile would go good with this color?
What does this label say? Thank you.
Is my computer performing a disc check?
What color are the socks?
This, what's this?
What color is this pillow?
What does this wine bottle say?
who is this picture, please?
Good afternoon, I was just hoping you might be able to tell me if that picture above is the correct way up or upside down before I screw it to the wall. Thank you very much for helping out, bye.
What color are these socks? Are they nude or are they another color?
What is that badge?
What does the sign say? What's it say?
Is this on fan now?
What is the number of this building that I've just photographed?
Is this shampoo or body wash?
What's the name of that place?
Is this past its expiry date?
What is the sodium content level of this box of food?
This is some kind of camera, a Janus, J-A-N-U-S. Can you tell me what model that is?
Can you please say the temperature on this thermostat?
what is thought to the screen?
What kind of clouds are those?
Is this penedol?
Can you tell me what's on this food box?  Thank you.
Please tell me what item this is.
Are these regular chips or salt-and-vinegar chips? Thank you.
Who is this a picture of?
You said, uh, when I asked if I could leave the directions, that means it's too vague to tell? Does that mean the picture's not coming out right? The box doesn't... say...
What color are these jeans
Are these pants black?
What color is this skirt, please? Thank you.
What is the phone number?
What color are these two shirts, please? Thank you!
What is this? And then you press
What's the name of this CD?
Can you tell me what the error message is on the Windows screen?
Does this skirt and blouse match?
Is this my physics book or it is my psychology book?
Hopefully third time is the charm. What kind of wine is this?
Is this a book?
I wanna know what this box is in front of me and what the text says on the bottom.
Could you tell me exactly what's on this computer screen please and the options?
what kind of product is this, or what is the name of it?
What color are these three wires from left to right?
What does the picture show?
What is the setting on this crock pot?
What kind of snacks are these?
What does that say on the speaker?
What is this I'm looking at?
Can you please tell me the temperature the stove is set to?
How do I find the normal wash?
Can you tell me what the thermostat is set at?
What type of cleaner is this?
What is the EQ number?
Now what are my options after pressing tab?
What is on this computer screen? Please give an answer with more than one word.
Could you please tell me the PIN mentioned on this wireless router? I think it's a six or eight digit number.
What is the title of this book.
What type of brand is this thing?
Can you please tell me what this is? This box of candy, what kind it is?
Which volume of the Twilight Zone is this?
What temperature is this thermostat set to ?
What are the designs and words on my shirt?
What does the text at the top of the screen say?
How many calories from fat?
What kind of metal is this?
Can you help identify this bottle?
Can you please tell me the thermostat readings?
What is the image in the captcha?
What does the label on this box say? Thank you.
What is the name of the body spray?
What color is this pot?
Could you tell me what kind of meat this is, please?
Hello, I'm wondering are there any applications out there like VizWiz and also are there applications that you can use to scan to read documents or read money with from the iPhone?
What is in this box and how do I prepare it?
What does this say, thank you
Where is this gang?
How long do I bake this for and what temperature?
What is currently displayed on this screen?
Where is this from?
Which computer is that one?
What is this receipt about?
Hello there, I'm just about to put a picture up above my bed but I wonder if you might be able to tell me if it's the right way up.  I know it sounds a bit silly but I'm sure you've heard sillier.  If it's the right way up or upside down.  I have the screws in.
What food is in this can?
This can be bought identified?
Can you read this to me?
What movie is this and does it say blue ray?
What kind of cleaner is this?
Hi, are you able to tell me what's written on the front of this t-shirt, and the color of the t-shirt?
Can you please tell me what kind of tea this is?
Which denomination is this card?
What is the color of this jacket?
What color is this candy that's in my hand?
I'd like to know the expiration date of this can, please.
What kind of soup is this? Thank you
What picture do you see?
I think it could be a face.
What are the directions for this salad?
Emily? What are you doing? That's me! That's me. Is that funny? Don't laugh. Why not?
The container in the picture contains body butter. I would like to know the flavor of the body butter.
Brand name
What is the wireless key?
Please describe this photo.
Color is that, what color is that?
What kind of candy bar is this
What temperature is the oven? Please let me know if you heard this question.
Can you tell me what the thing in the box says?
What movie is this
What does the error message say on the printer?
What is the food?
Please tell me what this model is, thank you.
Last time, what's this say?
Can you tell me what color this shirt is?
What kind of juice might this be?
Please tell me the model number and make of this oven from this label.
Whats the date?
Can you see which of this option is for booting into safe mode? Is it above or below the highlighted area? How many lines up or down, looking for safe mode, boot into safe mode. Thank you.
What is on this box?
Why not?
Can you answer this question?
What's the temperature set at?
Guy look like in the picture at this time?
What does this T-shirt say?
I know this is a medication, but what type?
Can someone please tell me what type of meat is in this package? I'm not sure, I can't identify it.
Which card is this?
What was in this box, please?
What kind of, what's in the can?
What color is this truck?
What variety of wine is this?
Is there a company name on here?
Can you ship it to inaudible information?
Is the door opened?
Is the system up?
Is this a shredder
Can you tell me what buttons are what on this machine?
What is this brand?
This can say.
What's the headline that I just pictured?
What is the answer to number 12?
What kind of book is this?
What is this? What was the answer that you got?
The teaser is basketball or football.
What is this body spray called?
What is the name of this perfume sample?
What color is the bag?
What color is my shirt?
Sorry, cleaning out my cupboard what kind of can, box is this? I'm sorry.
What colors are the flowers on this dress?
Is this wine? What kind is it?
How many Mils is this can of Pepsi? Come on. Try something again. Got it.
Could you please tell me what color this shirt is? Is it the same as the first one? Thank you
Hi, I'm wondering if you could clarify.
Can you tell the colors please?
Is this shampoo please?
Is there a chess piece that is not on my chess board on this desk?
What color is this headband?
What kind of candies are these?
Ramen noodle soup is this?
what time is on the face of the clock?
What color is the embroidery in these jeans?
What color is the pillow?
Yes this is an HP laptop computer. I need to locate the card reader, I understand it's to the right of the keyboard, on the side. I need to know, is it close to the front? Close to where the key--
Caffeinated or decaf?
What page number is this bowl? Thank you.
Hello please tell me what this product is? Thank you.
Are any of you girls?
Just needing to know what this bottle of wine is?
What's for lunch today please?
What does this magazine cover say?
What color is this shirt I have on?
please read the counter.
What does this pillow have on it?
Could you tell me what kind of bill this is? Because I'm looking for a twenty and I think this is a ten but I cannot really tell.
What's the title of the CD?
What did I see?
Can you tell me if this is an aphid fertilizer or one for roses? Thank you.
What pattern is this blanket?
What kind of drink is this?  I know the image is a little blurry.
What's in this box? Whaa
Can you tell me what this can is please?
What color is the pants and the shirt and does it match? or do they match I should say?
What is this picture frame?
Whats the expiration date?
Can you tell me what type of card this is, who it is, and what team they're playing for? Thank you.
What does the sticker on this card say
Why are monkeys brown?
What is the mother of this device?
Whose coffee is this?
Please tell me is this package pineapple chunks or cantaloupe chunks?
What flavor of pop is this?
OK, and one more time. The temperature. I've adjusted it a little more upward, so I'm just trying to confirm. Thanks.
What canned food is this?
What color is my skin?
is this shirt inside out
Is the dialogue there now?
what did i put in this jar?
Hello there. Is there any writing in this picture? Its a spherical sheer blue and I'm going to turn it right. Thanks.
Siri what's this?
What card is this and is it right side up or upside down? Thank you.
what is this plant?
Hi, could you please tell which color my sister is wearing? Which color her shirt is?
Alright tell me what flavor this one is please and thank you.
Hello,web workers just like to check the picture on this card please.
Is this decaf?
Do you think this is business casual? Question mark.
what is in this bag
What does this sheet say?
I'm not sure how good the pizza is but can you identify the product for me, thank you.
What does the fortune cookie say?
I want to use my crock pot, but I need to know which way to turn the dial to high.
What is this hanging on the closet door?  Can you tell me?  Please?  Write a detailed description of what it looks like.  I really appreciate this.  Thank you.  Bye.
I need to know what is on this screen.
Can you tell me if you see my headphones in this photo? Thanks.
Can you please tell me what's on this label? Thank you.
What is in this tin, please?
What color is the shirt that I am wearing?
Can you tell me what the number is on my King Soopers card, please?
Does it say anything on this side of the card?
What is the label on the bottle?
Hi, can you tell me what is in this box?  I know it's keurig but I don't know if it's hot chocolate or what it is.  Can you tell me what it is please?  Thank you.
What is in this tube?
i have one more dinner, i want to see what flavor it was. i had a meatloaf i just wanted to see what this third one was. thanks a lot
Do you guys read mail?
i have two cans here one on the left and one on the right can you tell me what they are please? thank you
NICE PICTURE
Are there any directions on this package that tell me how to cook these beats?
What is this computer model?
What card is this and is it right side up or upside down thank you.
Be quiet. Who is the driver, sponsor or number of this truck?
can you see and read the directions on this thank you
What is in this can? What product is this?
Do you see a number?
What type of tree does this leaf come off of?
Is that a sun cream, and if so, what is it called?
Please help me, I need to know where the arrow is so that I can get to heavy load.
Yes, can you please tell me what color this shirt is, and does it have any writing on it? Thank you very much.
Could you please tell me what's on the screen of my computer?
Can you tell me what this canned food item is please?
I need to know the cooking instructions for grilling for these burgers. If you need to turn, me to turn the package over just let me know.
What color are the pearls I just took a picture of, please? Thank you.
What brand of cigarettes are these?
What is the five digit code, all numbers?
I know it's sort of dark and I know this is hard. I've gotten several different answers now. Let's try one more time and I appreciate your help. What is in this package? What kind of dinner is this? I know it's Hamburger Helper. Which
whats this button?
Please tell me the name of this snack.
Can you please describe this car to me?
What flavor is this pudding?
How much is this ticket?
Can you read the name on the eye drop bottle?
Testing one two three testing.
What color are the lights on this tree?
was the color is my polo set? thank you!
Is my light on? And I have one other question, do you have to really work all night?
Can you identify this package also? Thank you very much.
Does this say readers brand of beef dinner?
What is this, and what kind of soap is this? Thank you.
What coupon is this?
Can you tell me what CD this is?
Can you tell if this is vitamin C and what the Milligrams are?
Is it box? Is it box?
Hi, I'm wondering, what type of food is in the can. Thanks so much.
Can you see what the temperature is set to?
What is this fruit?
What flavor is this yogurt?
What does this picture show in full description?
Could you please tell me the flavor of this coffee bean? Thank you.
Please identify the contents in this container.
What is the flavor of these Pop Tarts?
Is my sock wet?
What is the value of this playing card?
Can you identify this for me?
Is this a pop or is it a beer?
Can you tell me about the bag?
Can you tell me the expiration of this carton of milk?
What's the picture?
I need directions. Thank you.
What is this captcha image?
Please describe this to me.
Is this brownies or cake?
Can you tell me what color this t-shirt is, and what it says?
Cooking instructions for this product
Do you see any kind of water bugs or anything?
What is the design on the sweatshirt?
What is that drink?
What does that look like?
the phone down here
what is the first button on the top left hand side corn to the right
What is the expiration date on the bus pass? Hopefully this is a better picture. Thanks.
Where is the number on this piece of paper sticking out?
What currency and how much?
It's also a possibility that it rolled onto my floor. Did it?
Screen. What the screen says, my computer doesn't want to boot up. Thanks, appreciate it.
What do you see? Thank you.
How many numbers are on this item?
Can you describe my shirt?
Can you tell me about where the arrow is? Is it like at 3'o'clock or 12 o'clock on a clock?
All right, I'm trying to find the expiration on this carton of milk. It's a paper carton, and I don't know where the hell it would be printed. So, hopefully it's in this image. If not, where would you usually find that on a carton of milk, a paper carton, not the jug.
What is all that?
What is this product and how to cook it?
Is this a snakebite?
What kind of flowers are these? Thank you!
What color is this fabric? Thank you.
What's this photo?
please identify the content of this box please
Can you tell me what drink this is?
Is this washer on delicate mode? If not please tell me what mode it's set on.
What video game is it, and how much do you think it's worth?
What is this? Apple is very easy to use once  you start using it. That's the thing, but you have to start using it. Yes. Its like anything, when someone first started using the computer they couldn't use it.
What is this milk, sell by date?
Does this say anything, or does it have any logos on it?
What color is this?
Okay, how many, how far should I step back? That's what I have trouble with. If you could answer that, that would be cool.
What is the figure that is on this shirt?
What model of phone is this?
What is the dosage on this bottle, on the label?
What color is my dress?
Can you please tell me what this product is?
Which one is pink?
What type of meat is this?
What type of nuts are in this package?
Can you see what kind of canned food this is?
what does the name say on this map?
What kind of tea is this?
What type of grass is this?
What brand are these beans?
Now can you read the label on the bottle?
How much is this worth?
What is this keyboard?
Now can you see the picture and the order number? Or do I have to repeat it again?
cEREMONY IS DONE, SPEECH IS DONE. tIME TO GO
what's in this picture?
Solve the relationship between N and P.
Can you tell me from top where the switches dial is turned right now, to the bottom what order the settings go in. I know it's something like vacuum, mop...
Is that picture centered?
Thank you for the beautiful color comment. I was wondering though, I'm trying to get the status of this light blinking, because my computer hasn't been turned on all day.
Can you tell me what kind of box this is please?
this picture
Is this cat food?
What color are the three wires from left to right?
Tell me about this color.
Where is my brush?
Can you tell what color this fabric is? I think it's a python print. Is it? Thank you.
Can you tell me the position, the names of these buttons from left to right on the dishwasher? Thank you
is the mail for
Can you read the name of this prescription?
Is there a pizza button?
Let's try this again.  I don't know if I did this right.  What is on the wrapper that I just took a picture of?  What is the
Could you please tell me what this picture is?
the name of this cd?
What's in the color?
Can you tell me what this seasoning is good to put on?
can you tell me what this meat is thank you
What kind of speakers is this?
Hi, can you tell me what color this t-shirt is, please?
What book is this?  Thank you.
Can you see this meat label to let me know what this is? Thank you.
What does this CD say?
What is this product? We have been given a rather large bag of presents, birthday presents abd having difficulty identifying them.
What's the price?
Can you tell what it says on the screen?
What type of dinner is this?
Explain what this shadow?
Where is the salt?
Can you tell me what this device is? It's a linxsys but I'm not sure the model.
what color is my aunts shirt?
Please tell me what's on the screen. It'll probably be an error message.
How much...what bill is this?
is this object?
Ok, this is the second time. I know there's peas in it, I've been told that. It's a microwave meal. Can you tell me what's in it, please?
what video camera is this
What's model, telephone?
Could you please tell me what is in this bag?
Can you tell me what this item is please? Thank you.
What is on this t shirt?  I know there's a knight. But what's the words?
Is this currently set on the off position?
Is this a cat?
OK, how about this angle here? Curious if this is low-fat and what brand of yogurt this is. Thanks, sorry about the other angle.
WHAT IS THAT PLEASE?
Are you able to see what this card is for, please?
This is some type of spice in a small bottle. Hope you can read it.
Is this Benadryl anti-itch cream? Thanks
Whats on this bottom, please.
Is this all purpose flour?
I'm just testing the camera on my Iphone 4S as I think it may be faulty. Could someone tell me what they see directly in front of them and the quality of the image? Thank you.
What kind of chips are those?
Hi there could you tell me what the salt or sodium level in this package is thank you?
How many yards equals a mile?
Can you please tell me what is this?
What kind of TV dinner is this?
Hopefully you can see what this screen says.
Shirt am I wearing?
What kind of dog food is that please?
What is this box ?
Is this regular or decaffeinated coffee?
What plaque is this please?
What is this item used for?
what kind of chocolate is this?
What does the top of this page say?
okay what coffee flavor is this one thank you.
What sweets are these?
What is on this page?
What is this and is it Blu-Ray?
Did you tell me which color my t-shirt is? Because I'm not sure. I think it's purple, but it could be, I think it could be black, too because I've got two of those shirts.
What's on this card? i'm looking for specifically a 8 digit id number of some kind, hope i didnt wake you up.
I want to know. What is the color of the paint ? Is it green, blue or red?
Tell me the color of this tie.
What's this photo of?
What type of animal is this?
What is on that box. Could you please tell me the instructions if possible?
Could you please describe the pattern on this?  Thank you.
What is that object? I'm pretty sure it's sunscreen, but I'm not sure.
Can someone tell me what I take a picture of?
Okay, I wish there was an easier way to do this, but if you can even see the brand name of the lasagna that would probably help out a little bit anyway.
What brand is this? Thanks.
What do I see?
Tell me what you see in this photograph.
What program number is on the display please?
What flavor of Fiber One bars are these?
What is the sodium level on this package?
What country is the flag for?
Hi, what kind of can is this?
Can you read the writing on this tag and tell me what it says, please? Thank you.
What style of beer is this and what brand?
Which kind of fruit is this?
What setting is this set for?
What are you seeing here?
What is the...
What are the labels on the buttons in this robe?
What are the directions?
I'm just trying this questions again, but who is the box belong to? And hopefully, it comes out not really blurred.
What is this products?
Is this a keyboard for a laptop?
What kind of pickles are these?
Good morning, is there anyone there who could tell me what the color of this skirt is please? Is it blue or black, thank you.
What kind of soap is this?
Okay what's this?
What is the first key on the very far left of the top row?
What is that in front me and what color is it?
can you please tell me what this is.
Which one of these is my sausage.
What is this player?
Is this writing legible?
Is there text or any identifying identification on this side of the card?
What's the name of this movie please?
Is the color of the liquid red or white?
Can you please describe this card in this orientation? Thank You
What size measuring cup is this?
What is this, and is it like a TV dinner to put into the microwave?
What is the color of the chair and what is the color of the table?
If there's a phone in this picture, can you tell me what color it is?
What color is this please? And there might be a small pattern in it, is that true and what is it? Thank you
Ok I moved the camera to the right a little bit and we'll try again. What kind is this? Thanks
could you please identify cookie instructions for the product?
What kind of case is this?
Can you tell me what kind of macaroni and cheese this is? Thank you. What brand?
What Color?
what type of chicken is this?
What kind of medicine is this?
What is this beverage?
What text is on the screen?
Is this picture any closer to the box? What does it say? Thank you.
Hey Samuel, can you read me the captcha on this screen? It should be a couple of letters. Thank you!
Im trying this again.
Is it light outside and is the blinds closed?
What is the name of this bag?
Which one of these is shampoo, please?
What flavor of coffee is this please? Not the make, the flavor
This is the display of the treadmill. Can you tell me the distance in miles, please?
Does this car look to have water damage on it? Thank you.
What does this say please?
What's in this can please? And what brand if possible?
Is this real diet dr. pepper or is this some off brand?
What kind of bug is that?
You mean by increase the pixels? What do you mean by increase the pixels because I am using an iPod Touch 4th generation, not an iPhone.
What are the colors and designs of this skirt?
can you tell me if this is original or cheddar cheese please
What flavor are these biscuits?
Can I have someone tell me type kind of T.V. this is please?
What does that say?
Who played in this movie?
Does this thing work the iPad?
Yes, I just need to know what the CAPTCHA image on the screen is. It's apparently two words, thank you.
Does this look dirty? Thank you.
Which one of these is cream of mushroom soup?
Piece of paper have any print on it.
Is the color?
Is this benadryl?
Hi, please tell me what's in the box in my right hand.
Could you please identify the subject?
Hi, I want to know what kind of cereal was this? Hope the picture is clear this time. Thank you.
Is this a dark blue jacket? I need to know the color.
What is this logo on this cap?
Please tell me the numbers on this barcode.
Which magazine?
What color jewelry should I wear with this outfit?
What's the color of the pants and the shirt?
Is there any kind of model number written on this modem?
Is this light on?
Can you tell me what the temperature is on this oven?
Who is this address to?
what is in this bottle?
Can you tell me who this card is from?
what is the name of this perfume sample?
what is this please?
make hold. what is this? in progress... make hold
What type of card is this?
What is the phone number on the top sticker that's on the card?
Could this pass as a white shirt?
What color and kind of dog is it?
How many eggs are there? I don't know how to.
What kind of cigar is this?Does this vibrate?I don't know.
I dont know if it worked or not but im trying to get the serial number for my water heater i think it went out. Can you tell me if I took a picture of the right sticker thats on it?
You should see a piece of tape on the dishwasher and I need to know is the heat dry is it to the right or left or up above or near the tape.
what kind oatmeal is this?
From left to right, what are these buttons labeled?
What color is this jacket? What color is this jacket?
Is this caffeinated or decaf?
What is on this envelope?
What record meal?
Hey, Alex, do you see any tar on this door?
What the heck is that?
What did this computer screen say?
what's currently being displayed on the tv screen?
What time is it, and what is your favorite football team?
What is this a picture of, and thank you web worker
What does it say on this cap?
Is this decaffeinated or regular coffee?
What brand is this? I need to look up the directions.
What does the tag say?
What is this? What does this say?
What does this cup say.
Color of the sunset.
What color is this shirt.
Hey, what is this?
What kind of little package is this?
What is this thermostat set on?
What is this case?
Please tell me the title of this book. Thank you for your time.
What is this lotion bottle?
Can you tell me from the picture what the size of this rug is?
What does this cap say?
Can you read the label of this bottle?
Identify this product please.
I was curious to know what color her shirt is and whether or not it is camouflaged?
Can you please tell me what is on this box? Thank you.
Where is this plane from? What airline?
What is on this menu?
this garment.
What color is this, please?
What kind of key word it that?
What kind of can of vegetables is this?
What is 465 minus 55?
Can you identify this please?
what do you call this?
The lights in the room turned on or off?
Yes U know it's a jacket but what color it is, thank you. I'm trying to label them.
Is this Tylenol? Yes or no.
do you know any app that can scan books and read them?
Who's this from?
Describe this dog.
Can this glue be used at 30 degrees fahrenheit?
What is in this bottle, please?
Which color is it?
What brand is this mouse?
Is this iced tea?
What is that in the wall?
Hi can you please tell me what the label of this is?
does this clothes match
You record a little message and you say Hello, this is Campbell, I need help determining what my location is.
What is the title on this photo?
Hello there could you please tell me going from left to right on this dial what the temperate range is?
What's in this soup can?
what is in this one?
Name this perfume.
can you describe the cap I am wearing?
What kind of dogs are these?
For how long do I cook this in the microwave?
Could you tell me what is in this can please?
From left to right, what is the names of these bottles? Thank you.
What is this metal square on the coffee table?
what's this flag?
What is on my shirt?
What flavor is it?
does that matt have air
could you solve this captcha for me please?
Can you tell me what is on this?
Can you please tell me what's written on this certificate?
I wonder the brand of this computer.
What seasoning spice is this?
Which brand is this?
What exactly is this product?
Would you tell me what is Brie?
What are these and can I eat these and why are they brown?
Are you able to read that label?
What is the name of this sack?
What is this in the jar?
Can you tell me what type of meat this is, or if there's a label there?
What does is say on the screen?
what kind of oatmeal is that?
Is this a 5 or a 10 Canadian dollar bill?
Is it good or not?
what is my blood pressure reading
What is written on the pocket?
What is this, please be a bit more specific.
Now what do I look like?
What is this item.
the hell long do I cook this in the microwave?
Does it say what kind of tablets are in this bubble wrap if so please tell me what they are.
Is there a ceiling fan on this ceiling?
Can someone read the screen to me?  I'm trying to figure out if my windows 7 insulation completed successfully.
What is on this package?
What is this food?
What is this bag?  Can you tell what it is?
what does this thermometer say?
Please describe this shirt.
What color of this mouse is?
I hope this is a better picture. I tried my best to capture more of the floor.
How big is the flat screen tv?
what is the name of this cd ?
What color are the lights on the rectangle?
This shirt please.
Is there a car out there and what color is it?
What is this product and how to use it. Thank you.
Can you tell me if there are any cooking instructions for this product?
What is this jar? I hope you can tell by the picture I took, and thank you.
What is this a medal for?
I sent a  label seem in the back and turned it to the right, can you tell me what it is please? Thanks.
Can you read this paper, please?
What do I have here?
Is this a six or a two?
What color and what picture is on my clothes?
What kind of pills are these
Little fish.
Are both cases the same color?
Is the expiration date
What is visible on the screen? What kind of text?
Please tell me about this calendar?
What flavor are the sausages?
Can you tell me the brand name of this washer?
What model is this laptop?
What's the full name of this beer?
Could you please tell me what is in this jar?
What flavor were these?
Is this color blue or purple? Thank you.
Whatpage number is this please? Thank you
is the light on or off?
What is in this jar, please?
what does this sign say
Where is my shirt and what does it say?
I just want to know of it's caffeine free.
What's in this carton?
What beer is this?
describe the monitor
What is this packet say?
What color's this? Does it have checks or no?
What does this paper say please?
Where am I?
What kind of jerky is this?
What is laying on this table?
I hope I have it the right way this time. I'm trying to find out what kind of detergent this is. I have the handle to the right.
Did I stain my shirt on the way to work? If you can't see the whole thing, how would you recommend I position the camera?
What type of wood is this?
What kind of spice is this
What is written on the coin holder around the coin? thank you.
What am I staring at?
How does this picture of my tree look?
Tell me what this item is.
Which country is this? And how much is it?
What is on the front of this magazine?
Could you please tell me what color this shirt is?  Thank you.
I'm trying again.  I moved the camera.  Can you tell me where this piece of mail is from?  Thank you.
What does this cartoon look like? Thank you.
Tell me the name of this camera. The manufacturer, the brand please.
What is this a box of?
What do you see?
This is a treadmill manual. Can you tell me what section it is please?
Hi. Can you tell me what this says on the,says on this thing? It might just be a number, if anything. Appreciate it. Thank you
Where is the defrost button on this microwave?
I turned the jar over I thought it was mayonnaise too, but I'm still not sure. Could you read what the jar says? Thank you.
What is the image in the picture?
Is this screen on the TV?
Please specify what is in this picture.
Hi, what other applications can I use like VizWiz. Do you all have any similar ones to VizWiz that would read documents or money on the iPhone?
Please describe the colors and picture in this t-shirt.
What kind of goldfish crackers are these?
what flavor of chips is this packet
What is in this can, is it juice or what?
What countries are we looking at?
What number is displayed?
What is song is this?
What color are these shorts?
Ok, now, Hi, can you please tell me the details on this card? This is my Chase debit card, especially the security code. Thank you.
What ports do I have on my MAC?
What type of TV dinner is this?
Is this salt and pepper?
How many carbohydrates are per bar? The picture says it?
What piece of meat have I taken out of the freezer?
Is this ice cream?
Which is a the on and off switch the left or the right side of the stove here to turn off the oven?
What type of package is this please?
Does this shoe have a stiletto heel?
Can you, can you see what this photo is?
What flavor of take five gum is this?
What is the capture challenge?
What flavor of cat food is this please
Is this, what is this?
Could you please identify this product?
What vitamin pack is this?
Which shirt is green?
What kind of hot pocket is this?
What's the capture of?
I agree to participate in the biz-wiz pilot study. I'm not sure if I'm supposed to be including web-workers or not, but I do need to
Can you tell me how much time is left on the oven timer? Thank you.
What type of medicine is in this bottle?
What is that? What is this?
What kind of Jimmy Deans breakfast sandwiches are these?
What color is this pin?
What's the name of this box?
What is the directions on how to use this wart removal?
What is the order of the buttons on the soda machine from top to bottom?
Whats the model number of this device.
This is some form of bathroom cleaner
What is the picture on this box
What kinda soup is this?
Can you tell me what temperature my oven is set on?
Can you tell the stuff I need to type into the computer?
Alright, I think this might be sticker on my vacuum. I need the model number and the serial number if it's visible, or direct me to adjust. Thanks
Can you please tell me what the label says on this.
What is this picture of? In detail.
Wondering what kind of pop this was? Probably too dark in here. Don't know if I can stop it.
What object is this?
What is the value of this note?
What is being displayed on my screen?
What is this bottle of seasoning?
What frequency is my stereo radio tuned to?
How is this game played and what is it?
This is the display of a treadmill, can you tell me the distance in miles please?
Can you tell me if this shirt is dirty and if its on backwards?
What is being displayed on my screen right now and what's highlighted?
Which button is for the resetting of the timer?
Yeah, it should be fine, I'm just trying to post it online so someone can see all the inputs and connectors and things like that. If you can see those, then yeah, email it to me at mike@melo.com
IS there anything showing on the picture?
Is this dog shampoo?
What is, what is on the screen?
...cup of dessert is this? What cup of dessert is this?
Alright. Now we're recording. I will record a bit and then Robert will record a bit. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
What colors are in this tie?
Please can you tell me what this writing says on the picture that I've taken a photo of, thank you?
Is this chicken or celery?
What is the design of this purse?
True of false? A boundary line is always shown on a number line using an open circle.
what is the name of this scrub?
Hi, I am trying to improve the lighting conditions to improve the color of this shirt, text me if you can see this shirt, thanks.
How much does this cost? Thank you.
What color is the bed spread?
Can you tell me how much money this is?
What is this money?
There should be a lit up screen on the right side of the coffee maker. Could you tell me what it says please? Thank you in advance.
What is this sea creature that walked up on the beach?
Alright almost done here, can you tell me what flavor this one is please?
What is the expiration date of this milk?
Hi, this is a pack of noodles and could you tell me if there's any salt or sodium in the ingredients? Thank you.
What's the warning label?
Can you tell these are low-cut or crew?
Can you tell me what type of macaroni this is? Like, what brand it is.
What is the name of the CD?
Have I started the system restore? Thanks.
What does this backyard look like?
Is this chili?
Are there any interim stages of cooking, like, turning or shaking or anything like that?
Dinner bowl is this?
What letters am i supposed to enter in to claim the prize?
Is this light and lean TV dinner?
What package is this, and of you can see the picture, does it tell you how long to microwave it?
Yes, I need to determine the letters in this caption image. Thank you.
Which one is the black cable?
Could you tell me which, from, who's this letter from, 'cause I obviously can't read it. Thank you.
What color is this outfit? Thank you.
What's in this capture?
What flavor of TV dinner is this ? Thanks.
Is this pretzel bars, or protein bars?
Shut up.
What was the picture?
What jar is this, please?
I thank you very, very much.  It rolled under those wires.  And of course those were just some wires that I didn't think it could be under.  Thank you very much for helping me find the piece.
Is there any text on this side of the paper please?
Not English.
Can you tell me what this button says now?
What flavor Marie Callender dinner is this? Thank you.
What is my computer screen displaying?
Yes, this is an image from google street view. I need to have a specific description. Please be as specific as possible. Thank you
Lets give this a try. Can you tell me what this is? Thanks.
What animals are on this pillow?
Is there an actual print on the back of this super drive?
Can you tell me what sort of card this is?
Is this eye drops?
What color is that shoe polish?
What kind of exercise machine is this?
What are the numbers on the thermostat?
Does this box have instructions for 8X8 pan size.  If so, can I know what they are?
What is the name of that?
I need the serial number for this software.
Can you see what kind of tease is this?
What is this item of?
How many, hey, hey listen. How many ounces is this container?
What is this? What is this, could you tell me?
What type fo drink is that?
Are these two shirts the same color? If so what color? If not what colors?
what is it
What kind of vitamins are these, please?
Hopefully I have the entire thermostat in this picture, could you tell me what all the buttons are from left to right? Sorry, thank you.
Is this starch for ironing clothes?
Are you able to read this business card?
What is the temperature?
What kind of Marie Calender dinner is this?
Milk or dark chocolate?
What year is this beer?
Hi Sandy, here is that block.
What is this decongestant?
Where can I find the nearest exit?
What flavor of cat food is this please?
Can you tell which phone number this is if possible please?
What kind of laundry detergent is this?
What kind of candies are this?
What medication is this bottle?
What is the temperature set to on the oven?
Which is the dice number?
What flavor dog food is that, please?
How is this image? Is it sufficient to get the expiration date?
What does my eye look like?
what medicine is it
what's in this photograph?
What is the total amount?
Is this bottle?
What catalogue is this?
Hi, can you tell me, please, what the front of this podium says?  Thank you.
can you tell me what the read out on the scale is?
Does this bag have a label on it? And if so, what does it say?
What flavor potato chips are these, please?
On what setting is it on?
Is there caffeine in this?
Which of these are my grey pants?
is this? What is this?
What is this box.
What color are the pair of pants that I'm holding?
Can you tell me the type of food in this pack?
What is this picture on the screen?
Can you see a bottle in this picture and if so what is it?
what do i look like?
What color is this script?
What is the serving size for these beans?
What color is this small dog and what does it look like?
In this bottle.
Can you tell me who the baseball player is, the name of the team, and hopefully the year and date? Thank you.
Which walker's crisp are these?
What color is the telephone on my lap?
What's this drink called?
Is the opened?
What flavor of green mountain coffee is this? Flavor, please.
What does this plaque say?
I turned the jar some and see if that helps, can you tell me whats in the jar please? thank you.
What is the common name of this leaf?
Where is it come from?
What sandwich is this?
What is the severing size on this label?
What company does this logo belong to?
Record, what is, what is this?
What kind of table is this and what color?
what does this say? what does this say?
Hey, can you tell what meat this is? I think it's a steak. Thank you.
What's the expiration date on the milk?
Can you tell me what these are called?
What is the title of this film?
WHAT BRAND IS THIS?
where am i and what time is it?
How many video games are in the show and how are you answering questions tonight?
What city is that?
What does this fortune cookie say?
Will this work with my iPhone?
Which sorts card is it?
Please describe what's outside the window.
Is the water visible?
How long do I cook this and what temperature do I cook it at?
What does the text in that white box say?
Can somebody tell me what this is please?
Which menu is this?
What dinner is on my plate?
What text is on the screen please?
What brand of water bottle is this?
Please tell me what is on this screen. Thank you.
Shape would the clouds be, a circle or a square?
What Rumanian car logo is this?
Are you able to tell me how far the water is from the top of this pool? I know I can't put my arm in and feel, feel it yet.
What is the brand of this receiver?
What brand of potatoes are these?
What are the arrows pointing to? Thank you.
What does this water bottle say?
How many grams of sodium are in this package?
Can you tell me what color this dress is, please? Thank you.
What is this and what is the expiration date?
What is this piece X?
What is this soup can?
What make and model is this router?
What does it say on the label?
In English what is the list of the ingredients listed on this hot sauce bottle?
what was that object?
What kind of fruit?
What kind of waffles are these?
Android device, phone, that works for the blind?
What is this color?
What are these cookies?
What is this bag look like
Is this a computer?
What's this number?
I know this is ECR, but what flavor of food is this please
What is in this tin please?
Is there any writing on this medicine bottle?
My phone messed up and I'm not sure where in the sequence I am at this point.  I'm going to record the question and if it doesn't work let me know and we'll and try again.  I turned the package over.  Let's see if this side has any kind of label.  Thank you.
Who's going to win the game?
in this bottle
what kind of sausage is this?
Could you tell me what color these trousers are, please? Thanks.
Can you please tell me how many percent of the download has completed so far? Thank you very much.
Wine is this?
What is this card? If it's a restaurant, can you tell me which one? Yeah.
Could you please tell me what item this is?
Do these pants and shirt go together?
What kind of pudding is this?
Will you please tell me the expiration date on this carton of milk if you can see it?
follow the stat please.
What color is this medicine chest?
What brand of water is this water bottle?  That is my question.  Can you help me? Bye.
Can you tell me what denomination of money that was?
Hi, can you tell me what this item is? Thank you so much.
what does the sky look like in this photograph
Who is this man?
Can you tell me what this bottle is? Is it steak sauce or pork cocktail, if you can see the picture clearly
what kind of gum is this?
Identify the name of the bottle.
tell me if there's text what it says on computer screen please.
What is this? What kind of food is this?
What are these buttons on the dryer? Thanks.
Is this diet Pepsi or regular Pepsi?
How old is this table and what is it used for?
I'm not sure if you can see this, but I am trying to see the tablet count in this bottle.
What do I say? What did I take a picture of? I don't even know. So it's like recorded what I'm saying. I don't know.
Oh hello. Can you tell me what is this can please? Thank you.
Can you describe this picture?
Can somebody please tell me what this is and what kind of flavor is it?
What Type of chocolate is this?
What is the title of this catalog?
What type of food is this?
What is this, by chance?
Sizes on this label of my shirt.
Is this shirt light gray or cream?
Sorry to trouble you one more time. On this frozen dinner, am I supposed to puncture holes in it or cut the slit in it or just leave the film on when I put it in the oven. Thank you very.
Can you see what the number is on this remote? It should be a certain number of degrees.
Is this orange slices or regular fruit?
What does this menu say please?
can you tell me what brand these are
Can you tell what temperature my oven is set to?
Is this really PM or is it regular Tylenol?
What is this shirt look like
IS IT A BOOK
What's on the tag?
This might sound dirty.
X square plus 5x plus 8 equals 4.
What is this can? What is in this can?
What kind of soda pop?
what flavor of tea is this
So it's done, ok? I asked what was on the screen.
What this is say
What does it say now on the screen?
What kind of fruit this is?
What can you tell me about this picture please?
Do you guys see what the writing on the top of this says?
Simplify the following expression: one twelfths plus three tenths.
Who sent the paper?
What color is this cushion?
Is this device?
What is the number on my library card?
What flavor are these energy bars?
Alright so i'm trying to figure out what kind of radio this is. So any information that you could possibly give me to tell me what radio it is so I can get one of my own. That would be great. Thanks.
What vegetable is this
What is the frequency?
Which packet contains plain flour?
Can you see what this dial is set on now?
This is a crock pot. What is it set on?
What is in this box, please?
Describe the picture.
What size is this rugby league jacket.
Okay, I turned the jar. Can you tell me what it says now? Thanks.
What brand of noodles are these?
Let's try this again. This is a medication bottle. I just wanted to find out if their was a label and what the label is. Thank You.
Can you tell me what this is-this item, please?
Can you type the code that is shown on screen here?
What color blue would you say the sky was in this photo? Like the color of water?
I hope this is better.
What does this display show?
Is this brown rice or white rice?
Can you tell me what's on this glass mug? Thank you.
What is this picture on my shirt?
What color is this container?
What is in this brown container?
What's in this food package?
Please tell me the cooking instructions for this. If you're not able to find them, let me know how to move the camera, thanks.
Is the brand of laptop visible?
What is this box from?
If you can see my computer screen, what does it look like and what does it say?
I cannot see can you tell me if this is the left or the right headphone?
What kind of hot sauce is this?
Could you please tell me what can this is?
What does the soap bottle say on it?
I am not sure if I got the picture of the captcha image that I need to put in to send this to, to get out of the security code. Please tell me if I need to move the camera.
What type of scanner is this?
What is the label on this jar?
Can you identify this perfume please? Girlfriends Christmas present.
What color is this shirt, and what is the logo shown on it?
Did I get a good picture of the cat?Did I get a good picture of the cat?
Is this page of text blurry or clear?
What does it say on the screen?
Can you please tell me what kind of tube this is?
Is this iPhone or Nokia?
How big do you think my TV is? Thank you.
Oh, I'm sorry, the wall's running to the microwave. I'm trying to take it a little bit further. I don't know if you can see the panel.
what colour is this?
What is the large can and what is the smaller can? Thank you.
Can you tell what this shirt says?
What is the product please thank you.
Please read the directions on box to me.
What color are these pants please? Thank you.
What does my computer say?
Could you tell me what this can of food is? Thank you.
What make and or model is this computer?
Would this go better with a white shirt or a black shirt?
Is there purple in this shirt?
What is in the white bottle, thank you.
Hello. Please tell me what flavor of Gevalia coffee is this? I know it is caffeinated and I know it is Gevalia but what flavor is it? Thank you.
What color is this? Are you coming to our Christmas party on the 19th?Nobody told me nothing. They'll tell you eventually.
What is this meat?
Are these postage stamps right side up or upside down? Thank you.
Can you please describe the towel?
please let me know what's on my screen right now.
Doesn't say what flavor this is.
What kind of shirt am I wearing?
Can you please tell me what's in that container?
Yes this is a google street view image, I need a detail, a detail of the description, as much as possible, I need to know if there is a bus stop visible. Thank you.
What kind of carton is this? Orange juice or milk?
How is much of the page is visible and is the picture skewed and how clear is it? Thank you.
What does the P mean?
Two out of five equals what please?
what kind of broth is this?
What kind of cigarettes are these and are they bad for me?
Can you tell me what kind of drink this is? I know this is like a can, but I don't know what drink it is.
Turn this page.
From top to bottom, which is the color of the bill?
Does anyone know what this is and what its use is?  A student of mine had it, it looks like a perfect fidget but someone said it might be for sailing.
What colors are in this rug?
What is this and what is the weight?
Hi whats on the screen, I'm not getting any sound from my TV.
Object. Dude, you're so creepy. You sound evil when you make that dog sound.
This is the display of the treadmill, can you tell me the distance of the top display please?
What does the screen on my TV say?
What is it that came up?
Which color is this shirt please?
What brand of shoe is this?
What's on the computer monitor?
What video is this?
Is this corn as well?
What kind of frozen vegetables are these?
What title is it?
written on the picture.
What is the title and page number?
How do you cook this pizza?
cheese buckets
This is a fax machine and I need to know if there are any labels visible on this fax machine and where they are and positions. This is a fax machine I will be using on a daily basis. Thank you very much.
What is this wrapper?
What are the cooking directions for this product?
What is in this box? And I'm going to have several of these.
What color of wall would match?
How much power does this unit run?
What kind of kool-aid is this?
Hello there, can you read the label on this bottle?
This is a package with a label on it. Can you tell me what label it says please. What is the name of the product.
Can you tell me what's in these four cans from the left to the right.
What color is the inside of these sneakers?
Hi what flavor ice cream is this?
Is it box?
Do you see my face in the image, and if not what, which camera does the Iphone use? Does it use the front or back and how should I focus it?
What kind of a keurig cup is this?
Read the name on the box.
What kind of top, what kind of soup is this, or can?
What's the characters in this picture?
What medicine bottle is this?
I just took a picture of a cup, and I'm going to ask...
What ingredients are listed on this box?
Is this whole milk or two percent milk?
Is this a Atari 2600 game?
Yes, I need to determine each letter that is in this CAPTCHA image. Thank you.
What is in this photograph?
Is my screen on?
So is this button speed?  Is that a down or up arrow?
What is the wattage on this power supply
Error message on the screen.
Is this a panda bear bear?
What is that day's lunch?
what is this thermostat set on?
What are the letters in this captcha
What color is this microphone and who is the manufacturer?
Can you tell is this piece of paper is right side up?
Thank you. I love you.
Is this salt or pepper?
What type of vitamin is this?
What's the text?
What's the number on the screen?
I like to know what these three items are thank you
Can I load in on this screen?
Is there an actual envelope to show mail, show phones coming in? An envelope on this remote.
Identify this product.
Yeah I just got this app on my phone and I'm blind and I was trying to see what was in this can if it would show it.
Please tell me what you can see in this photograph in detail, thank you.
Which one of these are coffee or all of them coffee cause there's some other things mixed in like apple cider and chocolate and stuff like that?
What's the answer?
Can you tell me what's in this box? Thank you.
Can you tell me what kind of fish this is and how to cook it?
What color are the two colored lines on this device?  Try to be specific in terms or light or dark or grayish whenever you can.  Thank you.
What brand of earbuds are these?
What is the name of this guard dog on the label?
What is this? Nothing happened, I was.
There's a disagreement about whether my nail polish is more pink or more orange. It's supposed to be a coral. I need to know what color of clothes I would not wear with it.
what make and flavor of coffee is this? please.
What is this? Please.
What temperature is my thermostat set to?
Hello, I just want to ask if the paper has the writing on it, or what? Thank you so much.
Is there a name of this card?
What does that jacket look like?
How much is on the lid?
whats the expiration date
Please identify this frozen meal.
What canned drink is this?
Hi.  What kind of cake is this?  Thank you.
what does the label on this tube say? thank you
What is written there?
What kind of mushroom is this?
What color are the scales?
What kind of computer is that?
Can you tell me what this food item is, please? Thank you.
What is this and what does it treat? Thank you.
What's inside the photo?
What does the picture look like on this wrapping paper?
How do I turn on the oven?
Could you please tell me what's in this container? Thank you.
How are the buttons arranged on this?
what does this dialogue box say and can you tell what's highlighted?
Is this shot better? Can you read what's on the screen and the options for me now? Thank you.
Not english
What product is this, please? And thank you.
What is this and what does it say for instructions on the box?
Can you give me information about this bar code?
What is the computer scree showing if anything?
Tell what this item is?
Where is that?
Can you tell me what the three buttons are across the bottom of this thermostat?
IS this beter what is the name of the CD?
How much do I have?
Can you tell me when this bus pass expires?
What does the CAPTCHA in the top box say? If it's blurry, how can I orient the camera so you can see it better?
what container is this, please?
What's in this jar please?
What are the power of the buttons labeled from left to right and top to bottom? Thank you.
What is playing on this channel?
Hello, please tell me what is in this box? Thank you.
Can you tell me what flavor this is?
What brand is this? Press it again. Double tap.
How does this plant reproduce?
Can you tell me what this is and how to cook it, please?
What are the numbers shown that I need to type in the box?
Is that my leg?
Which is is the almond butter?
please identify this
Does it say anything in this box? Can you read it?
What is written on this paper? Thank you.
If possible, can you tell me what is in this can, please?
What flavor of ice cream is this?
What setting is this?
What color is this guy's shirt
Is this mac and cheese?
Is this hand soap?
What does it look like?
What text is written on this screen?
What does that money say?
What is the item contained in the box in the picture?
What does this box say?
Identify this bill
Could you tell me what this card says or what it appears to be?
Yes, I just need a translation to the words in this captured image.  Thank you.
What is this package, please?
What type of water is this? What brand of water is this and what brand of water do you have where you are? And what time is it?
What does it say on this box? What's the name of the contents of the box?
Okay just tell me if you could please what color it is? Is it light blue? Thank you
Can you tell me what the inputs are labeled from left to right? Thank you.
How much is that?
What can good is this.
Do you see a bug anywhere in this picture, thank you.
Can you read the small tag on top of the other tag and see if it has washing instructions please, or if it's dry clean only, on these curtains?
Please tell me what is this picture?
What page is this.  And can you tell me if it's upside down or right side up.
What does this part of the sky look like in this picture?
I wanna know what's in this can.
What color is this duvet cover?
What kind of box is this one?
See the expiration date on this carton of milk or if I need to rotate it. Thank you.
What colors will go with this color of purple?
What vehicle is this?
what does that say?
What is printed on the bandanna?
Can you tell me what's on the stove here? Uh, the buttons from top left to top right.
Is this a can of beans?
I am trying to find out if these wireless headphones are charging? I don't know what color these lights are supposed to be, but it's plugged in now. Could you tell me? Thanks.
What, uh, color is this? Is this dark green or blue, and what color might match best with this color?
What color is my guide dog?
what kind of noodles are these
Can you tell me what's inside this box?
What color is the shoe in this picture?
What's on this piece of paper?
What does the screen say? What key command should I press?
Can you see what the saying is?
What is, what picture is this?
There's a guy with a pizza hat on.
What is that picture of?
Is that my christmas card?
What is in this can?  I hope I got a good picture of it.
what is this item please?
Is this photo clear enough, and if so what is the information on it?
Can you tell me what this is? Please?
What is in this can? Thank you.
What kind of soup is this? For example chicken noodle?
It contains gluten?
This is a view of my window outside my back garden and just wondered what the weather looked like today? Thank you.
What's in this drink?
What kind of object is this?
What's in the tube?
Is there anyway I can get cooking instructions for these cookies? Thank you.
Is this text right side up or upside down and is there a page number visible? Thank you.
What is this? What's this a picture of please?
What letters do I type to win the prize?
What does the label read for this bread? Who made this bread? Who's the manufacturer?
What color is the phone?
Please tell me what's being displayed on my screen, it's probably an error message of some kind, but let me know. Thanks.
Are these flowers?
What kind of burritos are these?
Can you see this can and if so can you tell me what it is please?
What is the number on this
What kind of drink is this
Is this ground beef or ground turkey?
Hi, would like to know what kind of cereal is this. Thank you. Sorry for the picture being blurry last time.
How many inches is that? Thank you.
What does this picture look like? Thank you.
Are these regular chips? or salt and vinegar chips? thank you.
How big is zyw?
What item is this?  Thank you.
What is the text on the pack?
What page number is on this page? Thank you.
This should be on the login screen, but I'm not able to login. Is it in the login screen, and is the focus in the text box?
Is this book?
What do you think this looks like?
are there any lights on on my router?
What is the washing machine setting?
what is the name of this coffee can?
What are the ingredients?
are these turkey or chicken
What does this key chain have on it?
What is this? Can you read what this is?
What do the directions say on this box?
What are these white chocolate, or milk chocolate buttons?
I have rotated the
What temperature is this thermometer on?
Who was on the watch?
Hi, could you please tell me what color these trousers are?  Thanks
So now I turned it the other way, and I'm gonna see if this looks right now. I'm gonna see if I can't stop it. I don't guess I can.
What color is this mug?
What entree is this?
What is the product in this bag?
Tell me what spice this is please.
What's the name of that can please?
What kind of water is this?
Ok, I hope you can help me. I need to reset a password, and it has a capture code but there is no audio link to hear it. I placed the camera in the...
Whats on the shirt?
What color trousers are these?
Trying this for the first time. What do you see?
Its a nice app if you use the bus or the train. You might not do that very much, but you might do it in the future.I'm recording the question.Could you just say What is this?What is this?
Can you tell me what's in this box? I know it's keurig but I don't know what flavor it is. Thank you.
What, what does this card say?
Based on this image what would you say is a good method of either turning the canned item or camera so the expiration date is visible?
Can I hear it?
Can you please tell me what the progress is on the screen?
What is that picture?
See, it froze. I can't do anything.
What's the kitty look like?
What is he wearing?
Please tell me what kind of merlot this wine is. Thank you very much.
OK, I have the flap open. Let's see if this actually works.
What person is this? I know it's a career statistic season, but who?
Hi can you tell me what flavor of crisps these are please?
Can you please identify the color of this polish?
The location... The location where an organism lives.
How many calories are in these chips?
I believe I was told this was a strawberry ice cream.  Is somebody holding the ice cream, because this is an Avon book?
With as much detail as possible can you please describe whats on the screen? Thank you.
Read it to me please.
Ok, here's the long side of the other side of the box. Let me know if there's any conventional oven instructions here for temperature and time. And hopefully these pictures are at least.
What is this island?
What's the sky look like in this photo?
Now it's thinking.
What's the number and
Can you tell me what's on this bottle of whiskey? What type of whiskey? Thank you.
What is the 3 digit code?
What color is that? What color is that?
What size are these?
What is my, what is my computer screen showing right now?
What is the blue item?
What is the text on the screen?
What flavor is this.
I'm in this image.
Can you tell me what this food item is, please?
please describe this distinguished gentleman. Thank you.
What is the type of Fiber One bar?
Can anyone tell me what the savings or discount card may be?
I have moved the camera further away so what is the color now?
Is the cooking directions for this product?
Real pun.
What letters do I need to type in to win the prize?
Does this oven seem ready?
Which country does this belongs?
DVD is this?
Please describe the dog.
Can you now read this label on this package?
Any clue what this box is? Thanks in advance for your help.
Which one is the bolognese sauce?
I know it was small but I tried to take a picture of the cake cup. Can you tell me what flavor it says the coffee is? Thank you.
What kind of granola bar is this.
Is there a clear path to the doorway?
What does the picture show? What is this?
Can you tell city in yer this says?
Can you read to me what that says?
What is the code in the picture?
How many pink lines are there? One might be much lighter than the other.
What is this animal?
In this bottle
Is this shirt stained?
I want to know what this says. Thank you.
Yes I need to determine the buttons that are in the picture on the fax machine where the controls are.
I have a shawl and a tank top, and I was just wondering if the both of them go together good.
Is it possible to identify that can of deodorant?
is in front of me
What was that?
Please tell me what's on this business card. Thank you.
Can you tell me what is written on this menu please?
What flavor of Ranch is this?
What is this wine and where does it come from?
Can you tell me what kind of chips these are please?
Is this a ten dollar bill?
What's the brand of this soda?
What words are on this shirt?
Is this self rising flour?
Starting from the left, which, what are these package?
Is either of these rings, Kyles?
This is a jar of baby food. What type of baby food is it?
How do I turn this thing on?
Alright, I found the input button. Now I'm wondering if I have to select something onscreen to change and if anyone has a Vizio tv that would help me out, as well.
What is this tube?
What color is this block?
Does this packet for a CD have anything on it, or is it blank?
Can you see the name of the seasoning?
Hi, are these buttons labeled in any way?
Is it a beautiful day outside?
What is that Stella? Thanks.
Know what brand of coffee this is?
What kind of bottle is this?
What flavor of yogurt is this?
Which bill is this?
How do you make this
What is the card in my hand?
This picture show.
What kind of mandolin is this?
What is this item and what is the color?
I would like to know what is in this can, again what is in this can?
Please tell me the battery status. If there is something I can do with the camera, please let me know.
Can you tell what this item is?
What product is this please and thank you?
Looks like we could have a stormy sky.
This is the display of the treadmill, can you tell me the distance off the top display please?
How long are you going to be answering questions tonight?
Can you tell me what the plaque says? Thank you.
What flavor Snapple is this, please?
What card is this please
Please can you identify this package?
How much water is required?
what brand is this
Does like where I need to be? And I just wanted to say thank you for all of your help.
Can you tell me the name of this package or read the cooking instructions?
It's in this box.
What kind of condiment is this?
what dvd is this
Please tell me the sodium level of this product.
Please tell me whats in this can.
Is there a doggie on the road? Is there a doggie on the roof?
What is this stamp?
Can you describe me the detail of the food in this packet?
What is on top of the filing cabinet?
Could you tell me what color this shirt is, please?
What does this label read?
What is the name of this cologne?
What color are these boots?
What is this box, please?
Which coffee is this?
Please tell me what is this?
Now I have a pyramid of the same 5 DVDs.  Which one is the sound of music?
Please name this plant.
Which dog are yo
Hello, could you please tell me what color is this?  Thank you.
What type of soup is this?
What am I looking at currently?
Can you tell me if you see any kind of writing or color change on the screen for me, please? I'm having problems with my TV.
What is be expiration date
What's being displayed on the screen?
What product is in this container?
Is this? And what is your favorite football team and baseball team?
What type of deodorant is this and what's the color of the lid?
Can you tell the name of this product if possible please?
what color is this glass?
Can see what's on the screen, like is it a log in screen or anything like that? Thank you.
What kind of price of dinner is this?
Right, can you tell anything about what kind of coffee filter?
WHAT ARE ALL THIS COLOR ON THIS BEEDED NECKLACE
What kind of phone is this?
What kind of bog is this?
What is the brand name of this cheese snack?
What do you see on the ipad screen?
Can you tell me what my weight is please? Thank you.
Is there anything on the screen?
What is the first number?
What's written here?
What does it say?  I don't think this works.
what scent is this lotion?
How many ounces are in this jar of mayonnaise?
In this bottle?
Which country does this belongs to?
In the following diagrams draw the shape of the water in the Earth's oceans tidal budges. Label each diagram with a moon face identify if you are experiencing high tide or low tide.
what tablets are these?
Question. Testing testing one two three.
Is this cheese or cinnamon?
How color is it in the dark?
What is this a color?
what kind of creek is this?
where is my cat
What kind of a meal is this?
Does it look sunny outside?
What is this product
Kindly describe.
Can you please describe this card to me in its orientation?
Yes. I'd like to determine what the letters are in this CAPTCHA image are. Thank you.
what color is my shirt
Sorry to trouble you, but on this frozen dinner, can you tell me if I'm supposed to puncture holes in the film before I put it in the oven for the conventional oven instructions or just leave it firm, unpunctured?
Is this a can of Coke?
I'm afraid the best I can do is send another photo, because this one was actually a photo from my photos. It's not one I just took.
What color is my top?
What is this and what color is it?
What is this tube of cream? Thank you.
De que color es?
Hi, Can you tell me what this is? thank you again you've been very helpful.
what spice is this?
Is there anything displayed on the display on the hand held radio, on the screen?
What does the screen say on the computer?
Could you please tell me if it took the picture of the tv stand? Thank you.
How many minutes is left on the dryer?
What's that on the wall?
How many countries are in this world?
what's that picture of?
Please identify this CD.
What color is the candles?
What is on the agenda at eight thirty?
Describe what's in picture.
Hi, I'm having problems with my camera, and I'm just sending a test picture hopefully of my dog, who is a golden retriever. Let me know if the camera's working, and how the audio comes out, and I'll send you those...
Are you an animal?
Type of bread this is
I'll say to the carrot.
Sorry guys this is just a quick test, there seems to be an issue with my camera. Could someone describe what you're looking at there, the picture? Thanks.
Could you tell me please the name noted here? Thank you.
What logo could this be?
What does this really say?
Hello. Can you tell me the color of this shirt and what you think of how it matches with these shorts?
What kind of rice is this?
Is it lotion or body wash?
What kind of animal is on my window?
Please describe this bar of chocolate for me.
Hi, what does this say, what kind of coffee is it, thank you.
This is a gamble.
What does this piece of paper say?
Is this course or fine seasalt?
Kind of wine is this?
What is on this screen?
Can you help me identify this label please?
What is the expiration date?  Thank you.
What is this cam?
Can you tell me what frozen food item this is?
Can you tell me what's on the screen, please?
Can you tell me the color of the kitty cat's fur?
Is this a charger?
What is the three digit verification number?
Please describe this picture?
Is there any other ingredients in this? or is just the ham and cheese.
Can you read this bottle to me, what it is, and thank you for your help.
Does this shirt match this tie?
what kind of keyboard is this? who makes it?
Are there any writing or logos on this iPhone screen? If there's writing, what does it say?
What kind of hot pockets are these
How would i use this product?
What are the keys on the top row starting from the left?
What kind of greeting card is this?
what color is his shirt
What is this and is it blu-ray?
What is that
What does the thermostat screen say?
Hi, can you tell me what the name of this wine is? Thanks very much, bye.
I don't have any question. Just I want to thank you, thanks for everything. Thank you for helping us as the blind. Thank you from bottom of my heart.
What's the title of this c.d.?
This is a package with a label on it called Ducker. Can you tell me the ingredients in it, please?
Hi I'm wondering if this shirt is yellow and if you can see what it says on it?
Okay, hopefully this is a closer view of this red box which is a Jambox speaker. I need to know the serial number which I think is the bottom line of several lines of print. Thank you.
Franklin considered moral perfection to be an?
Where is my black braille book?
Read on somethings on this box. Read the information on the box.
What brand of tea is this?
Could you please tell me what's in this can? Thank you.
What color is this garment?
hello, please tell me about the cooking instructions of that product. Thank you.
OK can you see the bishop now?
Hello there, could you please tell me what flavor this pasta sauce is?  Thank you.
What's the color of this cap?
Could you tell me the cooking instructions on this box, please? And if not, tell me how to guide my camera.
Is this a keyboard?
How do I make this pasta?
Is this a can of canola cooking spray?
So this is a test I hope this machine works, I hope this camera works, can anyone tell me if the camera works, many thanks.
Can you tell what color this dress is?
Hi there, can you please tell me what the temperature ranges are, from left to right on the dial at the front of this slow cooker?
can you tell me the detail of the food in this can?
Is this cottage cheese? Thanks.
Can you please describe this card to me? And its denomination and its orientation? Thank you.
Hi, can you tell me please what color this t-shirt is?  Thank you.
What chips are these?
What is the name of this device, the manufacturer, and the serial number?
What is this? What is this question mark?
Can you tell me what the security code is please?
What type of spice is this?
What is this computer doing?
What does this remote go to?
The computer is now on, is Windows coming up
Does this cup look old? Or in other words, could I give it to guests?
I'm trying to find the model number of this device.  It's probably PB10 or PB12 can you read the label or let me know how to rotate so you can.
Apple coffee number.
What is that in my lap?
What's the name of the restaurant?
What is this, and what color is it?
Okay, I need to know where the arrow is and where the heavy load is?
Are you ready to put up or shut up?
The medicine is this?
Describe the picture to me.
I need to know what is in this package.
What is this video game?
How many milligrams is this melatonin?
what does the sky look like?
Hello, please tell me the price of the product. Thank you.
What kind of pan is this?
What letter is on this box?
What is this and what are the directions?
What flavor of starbucks coffee is this please?
What it this and what color is it?
What flavor are these crisps?
What're the buttons on this printer?
I'm just wondering if you could help me with this text, if the text actually came up on the shot, if not I'll seek help elsewhere just, if you can give me an idea of what this says, what this document is, thank you.
Could you please tell me when this note expires?
What is the name of this book? Thank you.
What is this product? What kind of can?
What the temperature on this silly thermostat?
What kind of beans are these?
This box say.
Hi, can you see the label on this package?
This is a display of a treadmill. Could you tell me the distance in miles please?
What is the name of this Keurig cup, what flavor? Thank you.
Is it possible to tell which product this is?
What time is it? And, what's the temperature in Dallas Texas?
is this any better? I'm looking for heavy
Please tell me what's on my screen.
IS THERE ANY READABLE TEXT ON THIS WINDOW SCREEN?
What kind of soup is this?
What is this box? What is in this box?
What color is the purse?
what kind of snacks are these?
What model is this keyboard?
What color is this shirt and does it have striped? Thank you.
What do you see on the television screen in this photo?
Can you tell me what is in this image?
Sandy, what color is in the middle and the other three rows? It should be, the middle should be blue
What flavor of coffee is this? I know it's Green Mountain coffee.
What is this and the manufacturer?
What is color for this laptop?
What ice cream is this please?
Who is this parcel from?
Can you tell me the cooking instruction of this please?
what color
Whats in this?
Can you please describe this flower to me? Thank you.
Hello, what's in the bag? Thanks.
What DVD is this?
What kind of mayonnaise is this and who makes it?
What kind of tuna is this?
What brand and model is this phone?
What does this logo say?
Would this happen to be coffee creamer?
Can you see the text now?
Who is the idiot in this photo?
Color is this shirt? What color is my shirt?
What did I just take a picture of?
Just to let you know you are correct. That is a flag.
We need more minutes for the eggs to cook.
What is on this cam?
Read what is the title.
What is the wireless key in this picture? What is the wireless key?
What color is this hockey puck?
What's in this box please?
I know this is a box of Keurig coffee, but I don't know what kind of coffee this is, the little cups inside. Can you tell me please? Thank you.
What colors are in the material?
What kind of drink is this?
Is this a violent video game?
What kind of bite is this?
Where is my cat?
What color are these? Do they have pin stripes?
What kind of color and pattern this shirt has?
Can you tell me the serving size and calories, please.
And what is this picture?
What's this bag of?
Can you tell me what can this is?
Please describe this photograph.
Can you tell me what flavor soda this is?
What color coffee mug do I have, thank you?
Hope my finger wasn't in the way but did it get the message this time?
So this is my first time using this. I haven't used this product before and would be grateful if someone would please read the directions for me.
Does this look good on me since I am very petite?
Alright, and what does this label say?
Can you see if you can read this business card?
Which jar is the almond butter? The left or right? Is it the right side, the almond butter?
I was wondering what this product is that's in the box, thank you.
Hi. I just wanted to see what flavor dinner this is. I sent one a little bit ago that was a meatloaf. I wanted to see if this one was something different. Thanks a lot. Bye.
Are there sunglasses on the table?
What do you see on the picture?
What is this box? What does this box say?
Is the light on? Is the light on? Is there a light in the room?
Is yes or no highlighted on the screen.
What flavor of crust is this?
Can you tell me what is in this bag?
What flavor of Keurig coffee is this?
What does emphasized mean?
What's going on in the game?
Is this pajamas?
What does this package say? The names, please.
Hi, are you able to see how long this needs to be heated in the microwave? Thank you, have a great day.
Could you please tell me what medication that is and if it has something for sleep in it please and thank you in advance.
It's a box.
Kind is this floor? Thank you.
Here's napkin one to the price mat. Are these stripes vertical or horizontal?
OK.   And then.
TV Dinner is this?
What is the backwards L signify on the Nokia 6790
What are the six buttons on this remote please start with the left column and then the right column.
I can't read the instructions.
what kind of pop is this
Creamer is this?
What's in this can please?
Is it sunny outside? I'd like to know if it's sunny outside?
What is the phone number for the contact center?
What game am I playing?
Right, what is this?
This piece of paper.
Is this product?
What temperature is that set to?
What kind of controller is that?
What does it say on the sticker on the back of this computer?
What is the title of this book please?
Thank you for the last one. I've gotten another card here, which I hope it's taken a picture of. So perhaps you can tell me what this picture is.
What is this a card of?
Is there anybody in the hallway?
What kind of orange juice is this?
What is on that screen?
What kind of spray is this?
What is the name of the product in the bottle in the picture?
Sorry about that. I was away from the app and it didn't take me...it kind of crashed. But can you see the dialog?
I already know this is a playing card, but what is its value?
Tell me what's this?
What does this say, What does this say
Yeah I just got this app on my phone and I'm blind. Was trying to see what was in this can if it would show it.
Which type of milk is this?
How does it look?
Who is this CD by?
how much of this page is visible thank you
Hi, can you tell me what temperature this is either at or set to be at? thank you.
what is the dosage of this medicine?
Does this look like sheet music?
What does my computer screen say?
What type of spaghetti sauce is this? In this jar?
Which flower remedy is this?
Is on this necklace?
What color is the table?
What electronic device is this for?
Please tell me the name of the product of which I just took a picture.  Thank you.
What is this magazine? Thank you.
Can you tell if this has a plus or minus on it? It's a different one.
What are these and where can I buy it?
What is that on my screen?
What's in this can please? Hopefully I got the right side of the label.
What kind of chips are these? And thank you.
Tell me what this please tell me what this is saying.
What color is this skirt?
What is this screen saying?
What meat is in this box?
How many degrees?
Why does it make me record audio if you guys are only looking at the pictures?
Can you tell me the color of this t-shirt?
What piece of meat do I have out?
what does this say
Can you tell me what color this modem is please?
What color was my shirt?
What is in this box?
Same color, my hair.
What flavor of coffee is this one?
What denomination is this bank note?
Can you give me any information on this radio? Availability, repair, other stuff? Thanks.
What's the difference between these two cards?
What color is the back of this jacket?
all right. I just wanted to say thanks very much. That was a bit of a tricky one with the christmas ornament. thanks for your patience and merry christmas.
What make and flavor is this coffee or tea please?
What is the label on the bag say?
Can you please tell me what each brand is--left and right?
This is a different box. Does this show bed time or calming on this label?
Is this a dusty rose pink or what shade of pink is it?
What...what is on that shelf?
What's`s this?
>What is the last name of this person on the business card?
Which brand cookie is this flavor?
What color is the screen on this ebook?
Temperature displayed on this thermostat?
How much of this page is visible and how skewed is the text? Thank you.
Could you tell me the recipe of this packet?
What is this?  What is this?
What is this?  Thank you.
What's on this label, please?
Is it a glass
Does this microwave say on it?
What flavor of icecream is this?
Tell what the captcha image is? Thank you.
Okay, what color is this shirt?
Hi is the can of soft drink in my right hand Pepsi or Coke or Root Beer?
What kind of machine is this?
I said what is the title of this paper? Tell me if I need to move it. Thanks.
All right they are closed now. I don't think there are any labels on there though, but if there are any labels on there. I don't know, I think it's the right one too.
What shape would say the clouds were in?
What does it say on this display?
What type of Doritos are these?
Hello, please tell me the price of the body's blush, thank you so much.
What kind of speaker is this and how many speakers are there?
Can you tell what type of cheese this is?
Is this a fruit?
Hopefully there are two bottles of white wine in the picture, can you tell me what they are please? Thank you.
What is in this container
How much of the label can you see? Can you tell if this has conditioner in it and, if not, can you suggest a way that I can get this information? Thanks.
What do these numbers say please?  Thank you.
What color is this in this picture?
Is there any, is there any writing on this computer screen please?
And what flavor is this pasta sauce, please?
Name of that please?
Is this my inhaler?
can you please me what this is thank you
Please tell me what is in this box.
Nothing happened. Just a minute. What is that?
Yes this is a captcha image and I just need to know what the two words are, on the screen.
Can please describe this bag and what kind it is? Thank you.
What is the object?
What kind of fresh vegetable is this?
Can you can tell me what the conventional oven instructions are as far as the temperature for the oven , number of minutes, and whether I need to puncture the surface? Thank you.
what writing is shown on this meter?
What is this can? What is this can?
What color this my things?
What is the color of that phone?
What is on this picture? Thank you.
Can you please tell me what this shirt looks like? Thank you
What kind of vegetable can is this?
What is this? I'm trying to find out if it's soup but I can't tell, thanks.
Please tell me what this captcha says.
Hello is in front of me
Here is the leaves of the tree that has grown in my yard. What type of tree could it be?
Can you tell me what type of wrapping paper this is: if it's a regular or if it's a Christmas wrap?  Thank you.
what's the name
I'm not sure if my computer's turned on. Is the computer turned on?
What kind of deer was that?
Please describe this picture to me.
Kit can you tell me which  this body lotion
What color is the sweater?
Hello. Could you please tell me, the two jacks that are going up and down, could you tell me what jacks are those? And also, could you please tell me what color is the top one and what color is the bottom one? Thank you.
Does my tie match my shirt?
Can you see this meat label to read it?  I'm having trouble getting it to take a clear picture.  Thank you.
Oh so do I leave it in for twelve months then do I?
I just want to know if you can tell me the expiration date on this carton of milk?
What's the name of this fresh direct meal?
Which Dr. Seuss character is this?
Is this picture of a sofa angled okay and is it centered okay?
What do the numbers on this card say?
What does the label on this box say?
Does this pregnancy test have one or two pink lines?
Can you tell me what colors these two ink cartridges are, please? Thanks.
IS THE GLASS HALF FULL?
What kind of watch is this?
how many gigabytes does this have?
What kind of thing it is
What does the temperature say on this thermometer? Thank you so much.
Are these maple sausages fully cooked?
what type of soup is this
What color is the man's tie?
Is this shirt light green?  I hope so, thanks.
What medication is this?
What is this title
Please tell me what this label says. I do not have any audio playing in the background, its just my voice. Thank you.
Hey mom just trying again, just so I can harass you ya know.
What is on the picture?
What is this photo taken of?
What...what is it?
Can you please tell me what the label says on this can? Question mark.
Which one is apple cider?
How do I point the camera if your cannot see very well to read the label?
What text is on my screen?
What color is this shirt?
What temperature is this set at?
Can you tell me what brand this is? I think it's a NetGear but I am not sure.
What kind of plant is this?
What is the design in this sweater?
Now what's displayed on the screen?
You have a new toy. A new toy.
what is the title of this book?
What is this pink packet
What color is that wall?
Which one of these is the defrost button?
Can you tell me what this button is that I'm pointing to?
Can you tell if this shirt is dirty and if it's on backwards?
Send the bag!
Can you see enough of the shirt and pants to see if they match?
Is this on air or dehumidifier?
What does this dialogue box say and what's highlighted?
What are the names of the streets?
Is the amount given in the currency note in this photo
What type of coffee is this? Thank you.
Hello hello hello.
Okay. Let's try this again. This is the view from the front of the speaker. So I was just wondering what the shape of it is.
What time is this appointment, please, on the sixth of March next year?
read the instructions for this dip how to prepare it
What color is this tapestry?
what's the title of this book?
Can you tell me which bottle this is? Is it turned the right way? Could you tell the flavor now?
Not exactly sure what's going on here, but I'm trying to find out what the conventional oven instructions are and what the temperature is and how many minutes. I'm not sure if my
What flavor crisp are these?
What is the percentage of this download?
Working! My boy says he working. My boy says he's lurking. 2012.
What is is this, and is it hot?
What type of popcorn is this? What is the flavour or whatever information does it give on the box.
Does this say it is natural peanut butter?
What is this? What is this jacket marker?
Can you tell me what meal this is?
What are the instructions for taking this vitamin C?
Can you tell the name of this this way?
Oh. Thank you all my crock pot.
What brand of garlic bread is this, please?
Hello, could you please tell me what color is this audio cable? Thank you.
What is this?  Please read it.  Hope it looks better now.  Thanks
What's the name on the label of this bottle?
Which classroom is this?
is why why that?
What is this and which color is it?
Is this a 32-bit or a 64-bit version of Windows 7?
Can you tell what sort of card this is?
What does the directions say?
Can you tell me if this is the right side that says sausage or hamburger and which of the meats is it?  Thank you.
What color are these pair of shorts?
what is this thing
Is this picture two ducks?
What is this a bottle of? Thank you.
Is this...
Hi.  I won't know somebody's speaking Spanish.
What type of Captain Morgan is this?
Le cord. What is this? Lecord....
What does this LED display say at this present? Thank you.
What crisps are these?
What do you see in this picture?
What kind of logging tool is this?
What's in the jar and would you have a suggested recipe?
What color is this sweatshirt, please?
Anyone know what this is?
Who made this coat?
What kind of is this?
Tell me what my shirt says.
Which one of these two bags would be appropriate for a birthday gift? The small one or the tall one? Thank you.
What color is the ornament in this box?
Is Windows up on the computer? Am I at the desktop?
What kind of soda is this? And thank you so much for your time in answering.
What's the color for this laptop?
What color is this button?
Hi web workers. I'm entertaining at the end of the week and I will have 5 napkins and 1 place mat. I know there are stripes on these. Can you tell me
Is it HP desktop?
Are you able to see the flavor?
Yes this is a bottle of medication and I just wanted to know if there was any dosage information and with the label visible. Thank you.
What is it and what color is it?
How long do I cook the fish for?
what model is this radio and what year was it used?
Try to focus thi
What color is this back-pack?
Does this bag have a label on it?  If so, what does it say?
What is in this can? I already know it is a can, thank you.
can you please describe this card, thank you.
Can you tell me anything about this, pictures, words?
Does that sign say?
What software title is this?
What color are the walls?
Which best describes how igneous rocks are formed?
Actually they do.
What is the answer to number 10?
How much milk is there in the glass?
Can you tell the name of this eye drop?
This is the last try. Can you see a key code for office professional 2010 and thanks for your help.
Are these pants?
What cleaning product is this? What cleaning product is this?
The color is the button and the material.
Are these low cut or crew?
What is on that shelf? And how many of each thing is on the shelf?
Yes, I know it's sausages, but how long for in the oven please?
What color is this door?
Is the light on or off?
What's in this bottle, and what's its expiration date?
It's one?
Can you tell me what this frozen dinner is and the conventional oven temperature and for how many minutes?
What is the replacement for R22?
It's my glasses dirty.
What flavors of jelly beans are in the package?
What kind of soup is this? Thank you.
What color is this and there any designs?
What is the address?
Can you tell me what the writing is on this box as in what the item is?  Thank you.
this can?
The three buttons just below the dial from left to right. Thank you very much.
What mote the fish?
is this corn or peas?
What color do you see on this sneaker?
What face is this?
What colors are in the pattern on this dress?
Brand is this shirt?
What brand of stuffing is this?
What is the denomination of this bill.
Is the item now visible to you so that the expiration date can be identified if not, what would you suggest?
What kind of pasta-roni is this? Guess what?
What's the password in this image?
Happy Feet.
Does this side of the box say what type of coffee?
Can you tell me what color this yarn is?
What is this and how can I find it?
How many more stamps do I need before I get a free coffee?
Dark, because it's already dark.
what brand is
When i use this app, first of all i tried to take a picture of my face. Is it actually showing? Secondly, if it's not showing, is the?
What type of headset is this?
What does this doll look like?
What is this scent from Bath and Body Works?
What is on the text?
Hi can somebody please tell me what this is? Thanks!
What denomination is this dollar bill?
THE BOTTOM RIGHT BUTTON IS TO CHOOSE THE AIR CONDITIONER OR HEATER. WHICH ONE S IT, ON WHICH SIDE?
Is this title?
What are the buttons on these printers?
What kind of chair is this?
Can you please tell me the issued number, thank you
Which cornflakes is this?
What does that option say?
What kind of sugar is this?
What flavor of juice box is this?
What's written on this book?
Is the text on the piece of paper under the cartoon character, or is it on the sheet that has the cartoon character?
What is the e-mail address on this page?
What flavor are those noodles?
What is the name of this bottle?
Is my light on?  And I have a question, how late do you have to work tonight, I'm just curious
Hello there. What's written on the screen please? Thank you very much.
what brand is this>
Yes, I just need to know if there is any dosage information visible on this bottle. Thank you.
Hope this works.  What's in this can, please?
I just wanted to know what the name of the medication is? Thanks.
whats the title of this CD?
What is this marker?
Could you tell me what color this is, please?
Do my sneakers match?
What is it? What is it?
It's green.
Can you tell me what flavor this is? Oatmeal.
What flavor meat is this? What flavor?
Which dog product is this?
I'm looking for the name of this tea. Thank you.
What are the three letters that I have to type in?
Can you tell me the 1-800 number off this card, and are you able to hear this question?
What type of keyboard is this?
What is the denomination of this money?
Thank you very much for your help. Can you tell me if this is a PlexTalk power brick for the PlexTalk PTR-1? Thank you.
What menu is being displayed on the screen?
What does this say.
what kind of cake up is this?
Is there any writing on this dressing packet?
What kind of dog?
please tell me what kind of car this is
Okay, the camera's about four inches from this thing, I don't really know how close to get. Can you tell me the serial number on this red box? I hope you can read it. Thanks.
What color is this cover? Thank you
what is the name of this cd?
Can you tell me whats on that box?
Read me these instructions.
Hi.  What flavor coffee is this?  Thank you for your answer.
What are the words on this card?
In this picture, I want to know the color and brand of the piece of clothing that is being shown.
Can you tell me what's sauce this is? Is this steak sauce or I think it's pork katsu sauce? I'm not sure.
Tell me your favorite quote.
Please tell which screen I'm on? I'm trying to access the boot menu and I'm trying to boot from a USB drive. See if you can me what screen is up and what option is?
Hello I cannot tell what the captcha is on this screen. Can you see it and can you tell me what it is? Thank you very much.
Is there anything else in this dinner besides shredded chicken?
What color and is there any designs.
What color are these clogs?
What this is? What is this?
Does this tissue box have aloe in it?
Can you tell me the
Is this bubble bath or lotion, please?
what kind of cream soup is this?
What is in this box? Can you see the brand name?
what is this object?
Can you tell me what this beer is? It's either Fuller's ESB or Fuller's 1845. Thank you.
What is he?
Is the picture working on this TV set?
What kind of stuff is this?
when is the expiration date?
Is this shampoo or hand lotion?
What color is this case? Thanks.
I think this scale is on this time, can you tell me what is says please? Thank you.
What is the product please?
Can you tell me what type of tea this is?
Which is cleaning product is this?
What box is this again?
Can you tell me the buttons from left to right, top to bottom?
What box is this?
There did I press the ok button I think?  And am I further along, thanks.
Which DVD is this?
What's in the jar?
What temperature is shown on the display, and what are the two left and right set of controls?
What color is this T shirt?
Can you tell me what my King Super's number is please? Thank you.
Please describe this bag, color and pattern. Thank you.
What is this bag?
What is the scientific name of this leaf?
I don't know if this is clear or not. I'm trying to take a picture of a bag of food. I'm not entirely certain what it is.
Yes, this is a card. If you can tell me the picture on it, that would be very useful. Look forward to hearing from you.
can you tell me what medication that is please?
Can you tell me what the temperature is for the conventional oven and how many minutes does this pizza need to be cooked?
What temperature level is this crock pot set for? High or low?
Can you tell me what kind of tea this is?
Can you tell me the name of the DVD that is in the picture?
What text is on the CD cover and are there any photos?  And can you give me a description of them?
Can you explain the items in this photograph? There are several shot glasses and I want to know which ones are visible.
What is visible on this part of the screen?
What does the thermostat say?
What kind of dressing is this?
What color is this necklace?
Hey what do you think about this?
Yeah, but they were. Well, I don't know.
Is that the Chrysler building?
What name?
What brand of cat food is this?
What season is it?
What does this screen say, please?
What are the title and author of the CD?
What color is these jeans?
Is this sweater appropriate for more formal business attire?
Do you see? What do you see?
Hi can you please tell me if I'm still the windows login screen? Thank you.
Can you tell me what  this is?
Starting from twelve o'clock, in that direction from top to bottom, going clockwise, what are the different readings on this dial? Thank you.
Is this picture of?
Can you tell me what this price tag says?
Can you please tell me what page number this is? Thank you.
what is in this can
looking for my electronic power consumption counter its like a five figured number and I hope its on this picture thank you very much
What kind of Lunchable is this?
Tell me what you see with the camera.
Grab my shirt, if I took a good picture.
Can you tell me what kind of shampoo this is, or if it's conditioner?
What color is the moon?
Is this like on or off?
What does my shirt say and what color is it?
What is in this picture?
How much money do you see in this picture?
What object can you see on this table?
Where are my pants?
Hi you read any of this?
What's on the table?
Is this chicken stock?  Is this chicken stock?
Finally from left to right what are the two bottom buttons the bigger buttons on the bottom?
What kind of suit make is this?
What color is his pants?
What is the temperature on this oven, which is a number like in orange next to the clock?
Actually, on artificial Christmas tree, the green leaves may be from one of my mom's other plants.  If you see something that looks like a Christmas tree that has a pine needle on it, it is probably my Christmas three.  Please let me know.
Yes, I need to determine the labels of the buttons on the bottom of this keyboard panel on this phone. Thank you.
Can you read the label on this bottle?
What is on the front of my shirt?
Can you see the sky in this picture? Thanks.
Is this decaf coffee or regular coffee?
What is the temperature displayed on the screen?
ARE YOU ABLE TO TELL ME WHAT THESE BUTTONS SAY STARTING WITH THE ONES ON THE LEFT AND THEN WHAT THE ONES ON THE RIGHT SAY?
What color is my arm band?
What's the soup of the day?
Here's number two.
What is the color of this t-shirt?
What does it say in the upper left corner of this envelope.
Is it asking? What? Should be. I am.
Please identify the candy in this picture
For how long do i cook this in the microwave?
Is this furniture polished?
How many videogames are on the shelf? And how many shelves are there?
What's this box about?
How do I make pancakes with this mix?
Is my TV on and what is next to it
Can you tell what kind of bread this is and if so can you describe it to me?  Thank you.
What is this i'm holding in my hand.
What are these two bottles? Thank you.
Can you tell me if this tube is suntan lotion?
Is there a fragrance listed on this tube?
What is this? And where can I get a better one?
Can you tell me what this tube is?
I am told that this label of this Kool-Aid is invisible.  I do not understand.  How does invisible Kool-Aid not have a specific flavor?
I have a couple questions. Is the door open? And the light in the hallway, is it on? How high do you think the ceiling is?
This is Brooklyn Beans coffee. What flavor is it?
what is on this computer screen?
I need the expiration date on this apple juice, hopefully that's clear enough.  Thanks.
Hi can you tell me what this product is?
What type, and brand is this deodorant?
What options if any are on the screen?
What type of lotion is this?
What number is the needle point to please?
Can you tell me what the picture is on the front of this shirt?
What is on this captcha?
what is this thermostat temperature set at
Alright, again, Sorry I'm just getting used to the camera thing, I've never used it before.  But hopefully you'll be able to tell what label it is now if you're not well then just leave it.
What are the cooking directions for this box?
What color is this ball of wool?
What is the sea creature that washed up on the shore?
What kind of pills are in this bottle.
Yes, I just need to know what the captcha, or the words are in the captcha image? Thank you.
Hi, can you tell me if this is shampoo or conditioner or what it is? Thank you.
What is on my bed?
Is it sunny outside, and what time does the sun set in Dallas, TX?
Is this bracelet black or turquoise?  Thank you.
Can you please tell me what the label says on this can?
What is this and what's on the bottle?
What track is this please?
Could you tell me the sodium content of the food in this box? Thank you.
What is the color of the sky in this picture?
Can you please identify what's on the computer screen for me please?
What is this thing right here?
This is a test application. This is test application product and I need to see if there is any ghost engine information visible. Thanks much.
Disc is this?
Can you describe the painting?
The concepts considered to be the basis for Western label codes and morals is called?
what's this photo of?
What type of hamburger helper is this?
setting on this box read?
how many keys on the left is the number one?
Will you tell me what this bottle says?
How do I use wizwzig?
What make and model is this washer and dryer combination?
What is on that sheet of paper thank you
What seasoning is this?
Is there anything you can glean from this screen?  What is on it?  Can you maybe describe the color?  Thank you.
Hi please tell me the price of the product. Thank you.
What flavor is this set?
What video game is this and what for what system is it?
What is this color and pattern? There's some sort of pattern on my left chest there. Describe.
Could you please tell me what this video is called?
What time is it? I need to know now. What time is it? Can you please tell me.
Please tell me what color this dress is, thank you
Is this today's schedule?
Is this a box of sudafed, can you tell?
Please tell me the three, four, or five digit number on the top left corner of the screen? Thank you.
Thank you. Wondering what box, flour remedy this is.
I've got two kinds of cheese, American and cheddar. Which one is this?
What does it show on the screen?  If you can't tell me what it shows on the screen, then please tell me what I can do to improve this image.
WHat is this?
How is the angle of this picture? Does the chair and the ottoman show up ok?
What's on this t-shirt, please?
How much money do I have?
Expiration date
what is this picture of?
Can you please describe it throughly, what you can see? Thank you.
Small intestines, so it had to be built.
What kind of mushroom is this? Is it poisonous or edible?
What is the current temperature setting on this thermostat?
WHAT COLOR IS THE DRYWIN MY HAND?
what flavor of coffee is this
What popcorn is this?
What is the price of that product?
This light blue or grey?
Please read this label for me.  Thank you.
The container in the picture contains body butter. What flavor is the body butter?
What is the percentage of this downward?
What color and design is on this pillow?
What color is this sweater? Thank you for your help.
What is the name of this product, and what weight is it please?
What text is on my computer screen please?
I was wondering if you could please tell what kind of coffee maker this is. Thank you.
What is my blood pressure and pulse rate?
Please can you tell me the name of the CD? Thanks.
Do the clouds look like circles? Or are they puffy and really grey?
What is the label on this package?  The name of the coffee.
What order did the controls appear in Low-high warm or high-low warm?
Can you see what shin this is?
What does this packet say?
What bell is this?
Label on bottle.
This is the display of a treadmill.  Can you tell me the distance in miles, please.
What flavor is this Gevalia coffee? It's the last one.
What kind of beer?
What flavor Coca-Cola is this?
What does this screen say?
This is a captcha which is one of those codes you have to solve, I was wondering if you could solve it for me?
What color is this cup and what does it have in it? Thanks.
What color socks are those?
Hey, I'd like someone to identify this item for me and send me a reply.
is this product
I need to know what the, what is on the box, I need to reorder this hair dye so I need to know the pertinent information to reorder.
What brand of gum and what flavor is this?
What variety is this meal?
What cereal is this?
Can you see the Captcha?
Can you please read off the thermostat as far as what temperature it's supposed to go off at? Thank you very much.
I am looking for a handheld radio, kind of like a walkie talkie.  I have a big radio and a smaller radio.
clouds in the sky look like
What is this item please?
I have two questions for you. What is the name of this game and what platform can you play it on?
What message is being displayed on the screen?
Help me identify these bills, please.
What is this buy it?
Is this light on or off?
Is this a Queen of Clubs? Thanks.
Is it a doll?
Could you tell me what medication this is?
Yeah I think it's gel, but thinkin it doesn't smell like gel and it's really, it's really thick, um, creme thing like oops it's really thick and, I don't know what it is?
Please read any word on the CD.
What does this cup contain?
Can someone tell me what time it is? I need to know now. What time is it?
What is blocking the road in this photo?
What are the c.i.d. number and password on the bottom of this modem?
can you see the label on this bottle?
What kind of meat is this? Thank you.
What brand is this pop?
What is this season?
How long and what temperature do I bake this pizza for?
When does this expire?
When is this card?
What frequency is this?
What color is this hair ribbon
Can you tell me if this is shampoo, conditioner, or lotion? Thanks
What kind of line is this?
What's the color of this shirt?
Could you please tell me where the food, or what kind of food is on this label? Thank you.
What does this machine do?
what color is this
Can you please describe this card to me and its orientation? Thank you.
May I please have the directions on this box?
I need to know the name of this product.
Where are the baking instructions?
What is the captured image on this page?
Return install button on this screen.
What kind of soup is this please?
Which cd is this? Which cd is this?
I know this is a keyboard, but what color is it?
What color are the ballerinas?
Does this, does this have a product on it? Does it say what it is?
What kind of vegetable is this?
What kind of controller is this?
Is there any writing on this box? Or what is the writing on this box?
Can you tell me what this says, please?
Does this outfit match?
What color is this watch?
Please can you describe this for me?
Hello. This is a picture of a scanner receiver, I'm hoping the picture is clear enough. What I would like to do is if you can give me a description of the keys starting at the top left and then reading across horizontally.
Answer these.
Hi this is suzanne again and I'm just wondering if I did a better job taking a picture of this shirt.
Does this floor look clean?
How many calories are in a Monster?
What is the 5-digit code?
What is the color of that wall?
Can you tell me the label on this meat pack what it is? Thank you.
What does the words in red say?
>What kind of soup is this?
What flavor shake and bake is this one?
Please read the contact information from this business card.
How does my shirt look?
What is this item? You have to...You have to hit the record button Jerry I think.
What flavor are these please?
What type of jar is this?
What temperature is the thermostat set on?
What does the sheet of paper say?
What colors do you see?
Is there a window?
What's the instructions on this oatmeal bag?
Please could you tell me what's in this tin, thank you.
What drink is that?
Are these bananas green or yellow?
What does this guy look like?
What flavor of pop tarts are these?
What kind of milk is this, please?
what is the name of this book?
WHAT IS THE EXPIRATION DATE?
Can you tell me if you see a HDMI port hookup on the side of the laptop thank you.
what's in this tin?
Which one is the salt? The left or right?
Can you see what this hand written card says? Thanks.
Hi again, see now I click on the front of the passport. I have to find this barcode because of technical support issues.
Which floor am I on?
Can you tell if this jacket is navy blue or black?
Do you think this is a natural blonde?
am i still at the log in screen or did i make it to the desktop
Please describe the label, thank you.
What type of speakers are these?
Can you please tell me what kind of coffee or tea this is?
What is in the bottle?
This. Thank you.
Okay, we're onto something here. I put it a little closer, hopefully to focus in on that lower section as you suggested. Conventional oven temperature and how many minutes, thank you very much.
Hi, I'm trying again. Can you tell me what how many numbers of degrees is on this gauge?
What are the instructions listed on the box?
What brand and make is this shampoo?
Hello. Could you please tell me what color that is? Thank you.
Is this instant or cook and serve pudding? And what flavor is it?
What does this bottle say if you can read it. If I need to adjust where I've got this, let me know please.
What is that black thing, underneath the hat? Thank you, I really appreciate it.
Hard to say it. I'm specifically looking for some eight digit ID number of some kind. Thank you.
What do you see? What do you see?
What is the picture on this box?
Yeah, is this light on?
Uh, what is the expiration on this carton?
Which one of these is corn?
Describe the picture
Can you tell me who this piece of mail is from? It's a different piece than the first one. Thank you.
What color is this shirt and what does it say?
How did this picture turn out?
What brand is this cake?
Does htis by any chance show how many ounces?
What is the app on the top left?
What's on this remote?
Which cleaning product is on the left and which is on the right?
These that.  What is that?
What is seen on this picture?
what is this picture of
Is this honey or jam?
What's this food?
Are you able to eat this product if you have a nut intolerance?
Is this juice?
Is the dialogue more visible in that picture?
What's the expiration date on this?
maybe it's because you're pushing it down instead
How does this room look?
Exactly what is this a picture of? Please?
Do these pants have stains on them?
What is this screensaver because the last thing it said was installing updates but then it stopped speaking to me?
who is this addressed to?
can you see what this is?
I seem to be stuck on the screen. I am trying to figure out where the percentage bar is telling me where this is going. THank you.
Can you tell me what types of flower these are?
What color is this shirt and tie?
What color are these flowers?
I think the last picture got lost. Can you see the capture for me? If not tell me where to move the camera. Thanks.
If the card is shown in this picture, what does it say?
Could you please tell me what this bottle is of?
Is this service twenty four hours?
can you tell me what's on this envelope
Are you guys supposed to answer the questions or are you suppose to transcribe the text? I'm trying to help someone use this program and it doesn't seem to be working.
Is there a bottle on the table? Is there a bottle on the table?
Could you tell me what is on this laptop monitor? What's it showing?
What is, what is this plant?
What is this device
Can you please tell me if you see any white blotches on my throat, comma.
What color is this plant? Quick enough.
What kind of baby food is this?
what kind of laptop is this, be descriptive if you can.
I there is a label on the lid of the container does it say anything that would be me a clue
Yeah, I just need to know what the captcha code in this image. Thank you very much.
What kind of wine is this? The year, the country, and the style.
Ok, what picture is this?
What does the brand name say? what does that label say actually?
I know this is food.  What flavor?  Or what kind of dinner?
What type of phone is this?
What does it say on the computer screen?
Can you tell me what kind of bread this is?
What text is on the laptop screen?
How many games are in the shelf?
Was my dog looking at the camera when I took a picture of it?
Please describe the
What caller is this?
What is the main color of my jacket?
Where is the on button to switch on?
I need to buy this battery for my cordless phone, can you see the model and the name?
What color is?
what sort of macadamia nuts are these?
What is this? Wait. Maybe I'll wait and do that one later.
OK this one might better. I had my camera port covered with the case I have whoops. What kind of baby formula is this? Thanks.
What's in this picture? What kind of box is it?
What kind of deodorant is this?
Describe the
What is it.
What is in the barrel?
And what does this label say? Thanks.
What is this particular item placed on top of the table? Thank you.
What is my dog doing?
You are weird
Can you identify the specific brand?
I'm trying to determine the expiration date on this yogurt. Thanks.
What does the label say on this bottle?
..color is the sunset?
What type of seeds are these? A flower, a vegetable? If it's a flower, which flower? If it's a vegetable, which vegetable?
What kind of tablets are these? Are they pain killers? Thank you.
Could you please help me reading the wireless key on the back of the modem?
What flavor of Snapple is this please?
Can you tell me what the product key is on this card please? Thank you.
Can you tell me how to cook these pasta rolls? Let's try this side of the box.
What color is my book bag?
What brand are these pretzels?
What is the measure of angle mar?
Can describe this photo for me in this detail, please? And give me tips if I need to adjust the angle. Thanks.
Can you tell what the maximum measuring cups of this container is please
What is the expiration date on this almond milk?
What is this? What kind of game is it?
What disk is this?
Can you see where I need to go or arrow up or down or anything like that to make sure the box of checks so I can hid in it.
Is this can with jalapenos?
His foot
What's the contents in this tin? Thank you.
Hi is this surface shiny? Thank you.
Can you get up from your chair, walk across the room and slap Walter?
Are the red knobs on the outside or the red knobs on the inside of these speaker selectors?
Do these pair of pants appear to have any stain on them?
Given AC parallel to DF, and angle ABE equals to 26, find BDE
Can you tell me what's actually on the monitor here because of these picture?, Thank you
What is this canned good, please?
What temperature do I have this toaster oven set on?
It's a bin.
What's in the can?
What are the cooking instructions for this meal as far as the oven is concerned?
Is cool or air to the left or right?
What flavor hot pockets are these?
Are the lights on in this room?
What does this item look like, and what colors are in it?
What is this object? I know it's a food item, but what food item is it?
Can you see any writing on this bottle? I except the whiskey to be either Crugenmore or Brenburgee. Thank you.
Will someone please tell me what scent this is?  Thank you.
What temperature is the thermostat set?
What kind of TV dinner is this, please?
What color is this paper?
this is napkin number three for matching the place mat. Are the stripes vertical or horizontal? Thanks.
What is this biscuit?
Is it morning yet?
Could you please tell me what's in the can?
What color is this wire I'm pointing to?
What color is this sweater?
Last time I asked I got the answer design. I need color. What color is the design?
What is the manufacturer and model of this device?
Can you tell me tell me what this is please?
iPhone 4S
What flavor is this coffee, please? Thank you. Have a nice day.
What is this picture
What is this wine? Thank you.
What is this vitamin jar, please?
Can you please read the numbers on the back of this device? Thank you.
What flavor soda is this?
This is a bit of a higher shot.
Can you tell what type of cheese is in this package?
I'm looking for the serial number that's on the sticker.
What is this, period?
Can you tell what product this is please?
What is this in this picture?
Are you able to tell what flavor this is?
Oh no.  What is this?
okay i need your help with this thermostat i need to turn it on which lever is to turn it on and which is to cool it?
Is the sticker visible now? If it is, what does it say?
What's on the display?
Is the sky blue?
Are there candles in this window?
What is the label on this tin?
Is this a box of cocoa?
Can you tell what's on this menu?
I don't know if it'll work because I'm not on the wi-fi network.
What is this place.
Can you tell me what product this is?  What Simmer sauce this is?
What is the color of this garment?
What room number is that?
Can you please describe the cards and its orientation thank you
What does this screen say
Is this Benadryl anti-itch cream?
what does the logo on the shirt
Find this garnet in its color.
How do I do this?
What cards are these?
Can you tell me or can you see the three-digit number on the card here please and can you tell me what it is?
Please identify this item, thank you.
What is the computer screen reading?
What's this? What's this say?
What is this and does it have a name on it?
What flavor pop is this?
What's in this bottle
What is basically written on the package?
Please, I need to know what is this screen.  What is written in this screen?  Thank you.
Do you see any text on the screen?
What is that in front of me?
In front of you there's two coasters. I need to know which one is salt and pepper. Let me know with a left or right, which is salt and which is pepper. Alright, thanks.
can you read anything on this?
What kind of crystal light packet is this?
What kind of food is that?
What is this book called?
What's this one? Please read.
What's this about?
What color is this dress, please? Thank you!
True or false, a boundary point is always shown on a boundary line using an open circle?
What is written on this computer screen please?
How much time is left on this dryer?
Can you tell what size and color this is?
What's this package?
Disk is this?
Are the stripes horizontal or vertical?
Which one is the aspirin?
What color of yarn is this?
Why is there traffic on the 405 South?
What color is this carpet?  Please let me know if hear this question.  Thank you.
I think I pressed the okay button. Am I further along on this here? Thank you.
What color of this docket?
what's the title of this cd?
What types of clouds are in this picture?
How much is this bill worth?
What is in this pitcher?
What is my thermostat set at? Thank you very much for your help it's greatly appreciated.
What color is this robe?
What is on the label of this bottle?
Is she hiding from me?
What kind of cream is this please? Thank you
What is on this coupon?
One more box. What kind is this one please?
What types of flowers are these?
What are the specifications for this hard drive?
Thank you very much.  My PC seems to have stopped, can you tell me what's going on on the screen?  Thank you very much.
Can you report what you said?
What type of laundry detergent is this?
What is the product that's on the counter?
There are two dates. What is the bottom date, please?
What source is this?
where did my plate go?
Hello.  I hope you can hear this photo.  I'm curious to know whether or not the leaves are turning color yet, it's autumn here in Louisiana.  Thanks in advance.
What kind of popcorn is this, and the flavor?
What color is that?
Can you tell me what Lean Cuisines they are?
What is the price tag? Thank you.
What is on the computer screen?
Can contents, please.
When we ask questions about fashion as blind people, how can we decipher which of the information we get back is just generally understood by sighted people verses.
Is this say?
What is this item?
Where on this screen do I accept the license terms for Windows?
Is there any writing on this and what does it look like?
what card is this and is this right side up or upside down? Thank you.
Is this my seeing-eye dog?
What is the painting of?
Just wondering if you can tell what this photo of this box is, that I just sent. I'm not sure what it is.
Does the guy in this photo look fair or dark ?
What kind of pattern and the color the shirt is this?
OK let's try this a second time.  Can you tell me all of the buttons on the crockpot and what they are left to right and up and down and also if.
Can you tell if this is the diet Dr. Pepper tin?
What's on this K ring?
I need to know what this is, thank you in advance.
what is this set to?
Does this jewelry and this outfit match?
Hi, uh, just interested in the color of this sweatshirt and what the logo is if you can see that in the photo. Thank you very much.
What is in the drawer and please describe.
What is the label on this container?
How much is this watch worth?
Could you please read the bill?
What color is this scarf please?
What is this a picture of?  Can you tell me?
Which kind of food is this?
Is the picture working on this tv?
Which is for regular Coke? Is it the top button?
What can you see on that keyboard? What can you see on that keyboard?
What flavor is this powder?
What temperature does it look like?
Where is the redial button?
Is there a picture on this tv screen?
what is the name of this disc?
What does this t-shirt show?
Is this a pair of blue topaz earrings?  Thanks for your help.
What color has this mac please?
Can you tell me what type of sandwich this is? Thank you.
What's in here?
Is this art?
please explain what the lybo on my  rita says ? thank you!
How much sodium is in each serving of these beans?
Is it a laptop?
Hello.  What TV show is this?
What is this a photo of?
what kind of keyboard is this?
What is this movie?
Can you read the label on this box?
What is the wallpaper on this phone?
What is in this tube, what is on the label?  Thank you.
What are the last three numbers of this card?
Sparks contain.
Does this?  What is the ingredients
Tell me what order the settings are on this crock-pot. The knob is turned all the way to the right at this point.
Is there a captcha?
What are this cans?
what is it?
What color is the hairbrush?
What does the number next to offset say?
Is this shirt red and white striped?
What kind of juice is this? Is it grapefruit or orange?
Is there a number or wifi password on this router?
What color is the dog in the picture?
What does this say on the back?
What kind of cake mix is this?
What does the writing on the bottle say?
Can you tell me what tablets these are please? Thank you.
How does this plant look like? Colors and that kind of thing. Thanks.
Which bottle is coffee cream? The one on the left, or the one on the right?
What kind of mix is this?
What is the writing on this piece of metal? It's not a speaker, I know that. I know it's not a speaker. I just need to know what the writing is on this piece of...
What does this image show?
What are the instructions on the box?
I got it thank you so much
Can you tell me what this is a picture of?
What's the color of this case?
what movie is this?
Hey, is this shampoo?
What is this product? Let's see what you came up with.  Let me see what you came up with, I can't tell.  Not sure, turn around. Well you have the back.  You have to do the front of it.
What color is this? If it's gray, is it dark gray or light gray or medium gray?
This piece of paper is?
Yes, I just need to determine the label and the dosage instructions on this bottle.  Thank you.
Watch this!
This is a heat and air conditioning thermostat, I need to know if it is set on the off position or is set on a
Can I use this to wash a kitchen floor?
What do you see out this window?
What's in this bag? Thanks.
What is this drink?
Is the screen on?
What cd is this?
What does this computer screen say?
What products is this please?
What color are the ropes from top to bottom?
What's the flavor?
What's currently on the computer screen?
What are you people three year olds just looking at pictures making up answers?
Is there anyone sitting on the chair? Is there anyone sitting on the chair?
Can anyone tell me what is on that screen?  Thank you.
Can you please tell me the progress of the Windows installation? Thank you very much.
Is it clear or dark in this room?
Could you please tell me what this is, please? Thanks.
What color is the drinking glass?
what color is this top ?
Expiration date?
What does the shirt say?
this is a test. Is this a hole?
What color has there?
What kind of Tassimo coffee is this?
I hope I have this thing in the right direction, but what is this item?
Can you tell me if this shows the brand name of this washer? I need to know what the brand name is. Thank you.
This item. What is this item?
what choices are available on the system restore screen and which one is currently highlighted?
trying to find out what this item is please, thanks
Is this monitor on?
What is this? I mean, really.
What is this picture, please?
What flavor coffee or tea is this?
What's the color of this dress?
Whats in this refrigerator?
Can someone tell me the content of this tin?
Is my iPad on the table?
What kind of squash is this?
What is the code please?
What does my hat say?
Can you tell me what this says please?
Can you please describe what's on this newspaper?
Is this the other side of the box? attempt to read the text on this side please.
What is this product? Thanks in advance.
What is this bottle of detergent?
What type of tile is this?
Is the bottle of aspal cider, promea crux or vintage?
Hi, could you please tell me what's in the can in my right hand? Thank you.
Do you think I need to shave my legs?
What is.  What is this?
Getting closer to the boyle?
How do I turn this on?
What do you see in this photo.
What color is this object?
Can you read the text in this photo?
Can you read anything on this label?
where is the handle
What is this, exactly?
Which bottle of these three is the shampoo?
This is a frozen dinner; if you could tell me what it is and the conventional oven temperature and the number of minutes and what I need to puncture the plastic. Thank you very much
What is the book that I have just taken a picture of? It's my wife's birthday, and I need to know which one it is, so I can wrap it. Thank you.
Describe the controls in their positions.
Please tell me the labels on the square of connectors in this order: top left, top right, bottom left, and bottom right.
What soap is this?
Tell me the color of these trousers, please?
What is on the ceiling?
Please explain what you see in the photograph.
Are these buttons labeled in anyway?
What is this snack?
What is the item in the picture?
Hey guys, can you describe to me what this shirt is?
Okay, so can you actually take a picture though?
What's on this shirt?  Thanks.
Can you tell me what color this ball of yarn is, please?
How does it look outside?
Is this hawthorne tincture or milk thistle tincture?
Is this white rice or brown rice?
What document is this?
would you read me the directions?
How many calories are in this bottle?
What flavor and brand of k-cup is this please? Thank you.
What type of Native American basket is this?
Can someone tell me what anything on this paper says?
Can you please tell me what's in this container?
What's on the picture?
Hello there, are you able to see what's on this LCD screen and if it's expecting any input from the user, as in, does it have a next button, back button?
What color is this material please? Thank you.
How many buttons does this remote control have? Let me know what each one does, beginning with top to bottom.
First of all what is that image there? And I'd like you to tell me what image that is and don't send it back to me this time.
What is this remote and how many buttons does it have?
What's this money?
Is there an expiration date on this and if so when? Thank you.
What is
What kind of soda is this? It didn't work.
what are the instructions for administering this product?
Please read the temperature on the thermostat. Thank you.
Can you tell me what is in this can, please?  I think it's green beans but I'm not sure.  Thank you.
What's going on on the screen?
ok ive turned the box over to another side. Could you tell what flavor this is please? thank you.
I need to know what's on the front of the shirt? What's the design? What's the emblem?
What Schwan's dinner is this?
What colors is my jeans?
Is  there an item number?
What are these buttons labeled as?
Could you please tell me what color these beads are.
What's the expatriation date on this chicken?
Could you please tell me what the logo is on this tshirt, thank you.
hello what is this? i need to know what.
Im looking for the expiration date on this carton of milk
What is it?
What meat is this?
I don't know if you can tell me what's left middle and right, but thanks for doing what you do. I really appreciate that.
What kind of yogurt is this
What color is the rope?
What color is that please.
What is the line?
Can you tell me if this shirt is dirty and if it's on backwards?
Which one is this?
What cent is this?
What is my fortune
Read everything on that please.
Give me some information about what you see.
What type of bottle is this? The brand.
What do you think is in this glass?
What type of printer is this?
Does this box say donut shop or breakfast blend?
What is the amount on this check?
I need help
What does this item show? What is on this computer monitor screen?
Hi.  Could you please tell me what is in this bottle?  Thank you very much.
this is my project for the day
Sorry about this, kinda feel like an idiot here, but I tried it again, so hopefully it works.
What do each of the three check boxes say? In other words what is the text the left of these chekboxes in order?
this is the claim?  Thank you
what did the screen say
What might this be?
Can you tell me what this package is please? I hope it doesn't look too awful,I'm sorry bags.
What is this jar please?
Is this dayquil or nightquil?
Baby can you tell what this picture is?
What numbers are on the display?
Can you tell me what this product is? Thank you.
Is there any writing on this sheet of paper, and what color is it?
Does this picture show an open fire?
Can you read some of the text on the green?
What is the flavor of this protein powder?
What kind of microphone is this?
is this shampoo or conditioner?
Sell by or use by date of this carton of milk.
What is this and how long do I cook it for?
What is the title of this CD?
Can you please describe this card to me and it's orientation? Whether or not it's upside down or right side up? Thank you.
What is the instructions on this box?
Can you read this shirt?
Is there any sort of picture on this box?
What is this box please?
Tell me what this is.
What does this say
What's the name of this movie, please?
What is this tree that has grown in my yard?
What is the expiration date on this item?
Oh. What is this object?
What type of wood table is this?
Yes, I need a description of this image from a street view.  Please be as detailed and specific as possible.  Thank you.
What's this flavor? What flavor is this?
This is the display of a treadmill.  Could you tell me the distance in miles please?
Okay, I got the temperature just like you sent it. 375 for 20 to 25, but you failed to remember to tell me whether I need to puncture the plastic or take it off, or what I need to do with the plastic before I put it in the oven.
From left to right what are the contents of these bottles?  Options are shampoo, conditioner, and lotion.
What brand are these markers?
Hi there, can you please tell me is that windows seven sixty four bit or thirty two bit? Thank you.
What is this? Can i drink this?
Could you tell me whats the name of this soup?
I'm trying to find out which positions on the washer are currently active. I think that  left knob is the washing level, like medium or large, and middle knob is the washing cycle.
What type of stone is this?
Hi this is the top side night.  Can you see the flavor night?
What is that please.
What does this t-shirt have on it?
what color Christmas ornament is in this box?
What is the price of the french fries?
What is that?
The code on this iTunes gift card.
You record.
I know this is healthy choice, but what dinner is it?
What is on this id badge?
is the text on this page inverted and what page number is it? thank you
What's in this bottle?It does smell good doesn't it?
Is there a visible model number on the front here?
What in this tin? Thank you.
Can you tell me the cooking instructions?
What's the cell phone number on this card?
WHAT KIND OF MOUNTAIN DEW IS THIS?
What type of cat is this?
What kind of cheese is this?
What does it say this bottle contains?
can I have a description of the clouds in this picture?
What color is pants?
What type of headphones is this?
Hi, can you please tell me what flavor this is?
please can somebody tell me the color of this shield. thank you
Can you read the email address off this business card?
What is in this can? Thanks so much.
What kind of ointment is this?
Hopefully I got a good shot of both of them but how does this pair of trousers go with this shirt? Thank you.
What about the signery.
What brand of cigarettes?
what kind of medication is this?
What color is that
Can you see the tracking number
Well I...
What's the denomination of this bill?
What does the sky look like in this photograph?
Can you tell me the size of this please?
I moved closer.  See if we can identify this product.  Thank you.
What is this?  I'm taking a picture?
What should I say when somebody is asking me what kind of phone I have?
Will this charge my iPhone?
What is the expire date?
What brand is the beer?
Is there a pattern on this fabric?
What is that a coupon for?
What time is it? I can't - I don't have my phone close because it's plugged in. What time is it?
Can you please describe what's on this page? Thank you!
What flavor is this Gevalia coffee?
Come in with these
What type is this?  What type of tobacco is this?
The title of this book please, thank you.
on the screen please
Is the floor wet? Is the floor wet?
Is that soap or shampoo?
What is this food item?
What color is the strap on this thong sandal?
Hey can you tell me where I can use this product?  On my face?  Or where?
Can you tell me what kind of pizza this is or if there are any kind of cooking instructions?
Is my camera obscured?
WHAT IS THE LOGO ON THIS FOLDER?
Number of counter.
How do you activate spoken answers?
What color is the Hawaiian shirt?
who's leg is this?
I'm looking for preggo spaghetti sauce might this be it?
Can you please describe the pattern of this fabric? Thank you.
I would like to know please in which side is Eric and Aiden's book?
What do you see in this video?
What does the mug say?
HOW TO OPEN THE BLINDS
I'm sorry, but I just want to ask: What's the difference between web workers and IQ engines? Is there any difference?
What is this little package?
What card this is?
What is the brand of this product?
What does the dial indicate as the top-most number?
Type of chocolate is this?
What colors are in the charm of this necklace?
Can you tell me what this sign says?
Is this a stapler?
Is the bottle open?
What show is on TV?
What color is this cloth?
What tablet size is it?
Can you please tell me what's in these two bottles?
is there any kind of number any kind of an identification number here
What is this on the table?
Could you please read what the buttons are on this scanner? From left to right.
As has been requested from taking the previous photo and uploading it, I've turned the cam to the right. Hopefully you can see the image clearly including the logo and the text and please identify what
What does this say and what color is it?
What's on the CD?
What kind of cough medicine is this?
Thermostat set to off.
Describe this picture please.
What options are offered on this menu?
What flavor dressing is this please?
What is the number on this ticket?
This Coca Cola is 615ml or 1 liter? Thanks.
What is the serial number on this piece?
Can you tell me what the conventional oven information is? Degrees and number of minutes in the oven.
Can you see the steak on this menu?
Are all the stones there?
What color are these shorts, please?
Color is my shirt?
Read the document to me.
Hi, thanks for help.  What is this bottle of whiskey?
What is this?  It's Italian.  Read as you can.
Hi, could you tell which color my dog is? Because I think it is brown but I am not sure.
What is in this spray bottle?
What is the color?
What is the text displayed on the computer monitor?
Could you tell me color this is? What color is this please?
Is this a good outfit to wear?
what wash cycle do i have this on?
Can anyone tell me what these two flavors of Chobani yogurt are?
Can you tell what the name of this product is?
Is this Dayquil or Nyquil cold medicine?
What cream is this?
Color is the shirt?
what color is this item pleasE?
What's on the TV?
What is this bottle? Is it a bottle of beer? And what brand?
Ok, I can't tell what screen this is on at all. And, it won't do anything.
Is this sugar or Splenda?
Hopefully I have a good picture of this.  What is the dial pointing to?  Which cycle is it pointing to?  Thank you.
What is this medicine, please?
Would you please tell me what the sky in this photograph looks like?
What is this set on?
Do I need another drink?
What is this I'm holding in my hand?
What is currently being displayed on the tv screen?
Is this breeders den or beef dinner?
Can you please tell me what color my prom dress is?
Is this sweetened or unsweetened chocolate?
Where is my money?
What is this jar? What type of food is this? Thank you.
what does this say here what is this?
What is on this card? what text is on the card?
Hello. Could you please tell me the color of this table? Thank you?
What is this text?
Could you tell me what the security code in the picture on the screen says.
What kind of shoe do I have and what color is it? And what size is it?
Which one of these 5 dvds is the sound of music?
What do you see? describe to me what do you see.
Tell me the expiration date on this bus pass
What brand is this
If this is any better.
Can you tell me what that jar is?
What is the name of the can please?
What is my shirt say? What's on it?
What do you see in this image?
I was just wondering what state of the repair process this thing on, thanks.
What's written on this sign?
Can you tell me what's in this box please?
What color are the clouds and what do they look like in the sky?
does this onion look okay
What is the wireless key on this picture?
is there any text on my computer screen?
Who plays this character?
Okay, I retook that picture. Can you just see if you can find that bishop now?  It's the queen side black bishop.
I'm trying to find out if my rice cooker has switched to warm. Thank you.
Is there a light on this keyboard anywhere?
What is this jar?
What is the needle pointing to?
I would like to know what this logo or patch is on this very nice sweatshirt. Thank you.
What is the label on this bottle or what does this label say thank you
What does this display say?
Read it.
what is the picture is off
Is this lemon juice or lime juice?  Thank you.
I don't know what I would test question, yeah.
Hi I'm trying to identify some pages from one another. Could you rest just a little of this text? There's a lot you don't have to read all of it. Just enough to identify it. Appreciate it.
Can you tell me what kind of beer this is?
What kind of key is this?
Can you tell me what this receipt says?
What color is this water bottle?
What is the flavor of this cat food, please?
Good Friday?
What is the use by date on the eggs?
Is this and how long do I cook it for?
Where is the mute button?
Hello. What's written on that computer screen please? Thank you.
What color is that shirt?
what is your number? what is it?
What sandwiches do they have?
What does this dialog box say?
What color is this trouser?
What color are the stripes?
What color skirt do I have?  Thank you.
Color marker is this?
Does the red scarf with... I think is silver, gold things on it, match the brown?
Would you tell me what size my shirt is?
How are you doing now not sure you'll be able to tell not sure about the light in this room here I am blind but can you tell me what kind of chips these are?
What is this?>
Hi what's on this card?  I'm looking for some sort of ID number it could be eight digits.
What's in this tin?  Thank you.
What color are these pants please.
I gotta try this one more time. I need to determine the, what the captcha, what the word in this captcha image, thank you.
What's in the box, please?
Could you tell me the usage instructions of this shampoo? Thank you.
is my hose turned on
Is this a black cat chip?
Can you tell me who this player is and what baseball team he's playing for? Thank you.
can you tell me what kind of frozen vegetable this is please?
it's currently on my screen
Okay, here's the other side of the CD.  Any luck with this one?
What kind of shoe is this?
Read me the directions on how to cook this.
Can you see anything on this page, any text? If so, can you read what there is to me please?
Can you read what this book is?
What is the information on this card?
This is a book.
Hi, that's great, okay, I'm in recovery options, are you able to see from the picture any of the options that I can select from? Is it a menu? Is it a numbered system? Will number one take me out of the
What kind of braille display is this?
Hi there, can you please tell me what flavor this is?
How should I cook this pasta dish?
What color are these shoelaces?
what is the setting on this drier knot?
What are the instructions for the brownies?
What software is this and read any serial number if you can see one
I'm trying to find out what this is. It's some kind of frozen meat. Thanks.
What kind of food is on this plate?
What color is this clip?
gift card is for
What color am I pointing to?
Did I manage to uncrinkle it enough to be readable? Can you tell where this receipt is from?
What is the picture on this box, or words?
Can you tell me if you see the headphones in this photo? Thanks.
What is the third number?
Does this necklace and this shirt match?
Can you please tell me what kind of spice this is?
How are you?
Could you tell me which kind of chips they are, or what kind of chips they are?
What is inside of this can?
I know that it's a shower curtain, but I'm trying to figure out what the design or picture or logo looks like on the curtain. Thank you.
What color is this and what does it look like? Will it be checkers or stripes?
Okay, first of all. Item was misidentified. The picture I'm about to send you is a picture of a national library service player or an analyst book player or whatever you want to call it. It's not a
What type is of this mug?
Is it light or dark?
I'd like to know if this dial is turned to the towel cycle.
What is on this card?
What is on the couch?
What color is this car?
Can you see what kind of hot cereal this might be?
What kind of keyboard was that?
What is the membership number of this card?
Could you tell me what color the necklace is.
Is this diet Mountain Dew?
Can you please read this ad?
What is the title of this book? Or the picture on the front of it
What does that CD say?
What's the model number?
whats the name of this cd
What is this dinner now?
Need to know what kind of pills these are please.
What color is this dress?
This regular sugar or is this NutraSweet or something else?
Describe the scene in front of me please.
I, I keep getting answers to questions I think is someone-else's. I am showing you a shirt. Can you tell me what color it is please?
What kind of coffee is this, please?
Where is this made?
Okay. This might be recording. This is like test number 4. And, if it is, just let me know you got number 4. Thanks, I appreciate it.
What is the picture on this box? Four words.
What does this screen say exactly, if you can read this?
Is this detergent or fabric softener?
Is this card upside down or right side up?
What's on my computer screen? Windows isin't turning on.
What is seen on the laptop screen? What is seen on the laptop screen?
some time ya know
How many miles per hour can this reach?
Who is this picture?
Hi, could you tell me what this product is called, please?
Just like to know what color this stegosaurus is, as my color recognizers don't seem to pick it up too well.
What kind of sweetener is this?  Hope this is better.  Thanks.
What is this a picture of? What is this a picture of? And is.
Identify this product
Hello what is written on the screen please? Thank you.
Is this a better picture? If not, tell me which way to go.
What kind of spice is in this spice packet?
what do you see?
What is the can in the picture?
What did the directions say on the box?
What is this manual for?
What kind of ceiling do I have?
What is the expiration date of this milk carton, please?
3 digit code on the signature line.
What is the flavor of this Chobani Greek yogurt?
What does it say exactly on this coupon?
What type of dog is this?
How much is that money?
Does it say anything?
Hi can you tell me which one of those is shampoo please?
can you help me identify this rainbow please thank you
Microwave say.
so what do we got here? from left to right.
What is the name of this yogurt, and is it fat free or any information you can give me?
Could you please tell me what color that is? Thank you.
What's on the cup?
What type of drinks can I make with this?
Sorry about that, what does this say?
What is a picture of?
is the door open?
Is this regular diet Pepsi or caffeine free?
What machine is this?
What does walker consider to be her mother's major means of artistic expression?
Can you describe the photo which is outside the text?
What kind of soda is this, please?
What does this say? What does  this say?
Can you tell me what the conventional oven temperature is and for how many minutes and whether I need to puncture the lid? Thank you very much.
What color is this? I wanna see what happens.
PLease describe the colors of this shirt, thanks.
Please tell me what is in this box?
What is this? Come on!
I need to know specifically what is written across the screen on this computer, please.
I'm trying to figure out if you could tell me what button to push.
You please identify this label?
What is that please?
What is this? Or who?
wHAT COLOR IS THIS CUP?
The expiration date
Can you please give me the directions to this Schwann product? Thank you.
Hi, what kind of can is this? Thanks.
Could you tell me which food is in this bowl?
And I don't think there's a car, can we try again on this one?
What is this dinner?
How full is this pitcher?
What time is on my cellphone?
Please tell me what color this is and what it says. That's a lot of questions. Usually I just ask the color.
can you tell me how to make this in the microwave?
What type of vegetable is this? What type of vegetable is this?
Is this doormat right side up or upside down?
Can you identify specifically what is in this box, please?
what colour is this t-shirt?
What color are these two t-shirts?
What product is this please, and thank you?
Does this have shells or flowers on it?
Identify this object
-of Tic Tacs are these?
what color was the case?
What type of eye drop is this?
What time is it, and what is the temperature at it's annal?
What color is this case?
Hey, and what does this shirt look like? Thanks.
Does this display say?
What color are these sunglasses?
Which kind of open pit barbecue sauce is this please?
Which pair of pants is khaki? The left or the right?
What color is this Starburst?
I'm at a high rise hotel and my family wants to know the view from my window.  What is that view?
Is the dog lying on his bed?
Can you please read the temperate on this thermostat? Thank you.
Is this shirt clean or dirty?
Is this pasta gluten free?
What's this? What's this?
Can tell what flavor this is?
Can you please tell me what this is the top of? I'm wondering if it's either single or double cream
What fluid is this?
What kind of keyboard is this?
What color and pattern?
What kind of cough medicine is this? Is it daytime or nighttime?
Is there any way of donating to the Vishwas Project?
What does it say on the Keurig screen?
Please tell me what card this is. Thank you.
what is the thermostat set to?
What is next Wednesday's date?
Tell me more about this picture.
What time on a clock face is 450 degrees?
Is that glass full or empty?
What color is this flower?
What does this say and look like?
It is real saudi?
Can you see the bottle better now to tell me what the name of it is?
Could you tell me the brand name of this jacket?
What is the expiration date of this yogurt?
Is this a photo of corn? Thank you.
I'm thinking 103.7 but want to get this confirmed. What radio frequency is my stereo tuned to?
What are these pills?
Yes, I was just wondering what this bag of vegetables is, if it's just broccoli or if it's broccoli and cheese.  Thank you.
What make amd flavor of coffee is this please
Hi, what's outside the window?
C'mon. I'm getting the wait thing.
What is the size of the shoes in this box?
Hello, tell me the color.
what thing
what is this product
Can you tell me the color of this table?
Can you tell from my picture which beard this is? Thank you.
What is the code on here?
What, what color is the hard drive?
Okay. Do the shirt and the pants match? Can you see them both?
What is on this Captcha please?
Could I get all the characters in this one?
How many calories are in a slice of pepperoni and cheese pizza?
What's the 5 digit number on the top left corner? thanks.
I'd like to know the steps I took and if you could see the time today.
How do you turn on spoken answers?
Can you tell me if there's any local Seattle beers on this menu?
What objects are on the desk in front of me? Thank you very much.
How many gigabytes?
What fruit is this?
What does he look like?
What is on the screen of this laptop computer?
What is in this can? What kind of food is in this can?
What color is this bell?
WHAT IS THIS?
How long do I cook for?
Can you please tell me what's on this label? Thank you
what kind of medicine is this
Please tell me the expiration date. Thank you.
Can you read me the serial number?
What color is this jacket
What is this? Is it a drug something, paraphernalia? Or is it a sexual toy? Or is it...
Please tell me what color the fabric is in this picture if you can see it. I might have messed up the picture.
Whats the title of this essay?
What flavor and brand is this K-cup please? Thanks and Merry Christmas.
Is that a sell by or expired by date?
Please tell me the name of this book.
What color is this dress? Question mark.
What did my camera take a picture of?
What does the GE logo on the grill look like?
What kind of biscuits are these?
Read it all.
What color shoe am I wearing?
What type of drink is this? This is an app called Biz Wiz.  You take a picture and like. I don't know why it's going so slow.
What flavor is this Coke?
Is this light or dark, please?
What is the information written on this case? Please include product key if available.
Hi, can you tell me what this?
Is this on ait, fan, or dehumidifier?
What brand of lasagna is this and if you can see it what are the instructions?
Can you tell me which medicine this is please?
What's displayed on the screen and what's the highlighted option?
Can you tell me what brand of chicken breasts these are please? Thank you.
What kind of cough drops are these?
Can you tell me what I have it set on now?
Can you tell me if this is mild or hot please? Thank you.
Three digit code on the signature line.
Where is my iPad?
what are these?
Can you read what the screen of my computer says? Thank you.
Can you tell me what brand these are so I can Google search the directions?
What does my treadmill reading tell me?
What's this?
What is the date on this milk?
Ok. What color is my dog?
What's the information on this label.
What animal is on this computer screen?
What soup is this?
Will this charge my iphone?
Is it sunny outside?
This box?
what kind of plant is this
What are the words on the piece of paper?
Hey there I would like to know what this bottle is please? Thank you god bless and have a great day.
Does this shirt go with this skirt, question mark?
What's on this label?
What color is the nail polish?
What's the color of this table cover?
What tool do I have to use to jailbreak Iphone 4s using IOS 6?
What text is on my computer screen in this image, if any?
Actually, I cannot identify the first sign on the keyboard of the iMac OS X. Can I get help? Thank you.
What is the name of the bottle?
Yeah what is this?
What do you mean by turn up my volume?
What color is the floor.
What is the telephone number on this card?
What is the picture under the text on this card, and is it a good enough picture to put on Facebook? Or is there junk in the background?
Can you tell where the blackberry bush is in relation to the front door?
What color are these dogs?
Could you please tell me what color these beads are?
how much it
Is this still light gold?
Is this a lotion bottle?
What is the brand name of this air conditioner?
How do I prepare this in the microwave?
This is chap here.  What is on my screen, in that picture.  Can you describe to me what is on my screen?
Hi, do you see a model number now that I am closer to the end? Thanks again.
How many calories is in this soda?
Can you please read the title of this book to me?
What flavor of drink mix is this?
How long should I cook this for in the oven?
On the screen can you see what's on the menu for today? Thank you.
What does it say on that bag?
What are the buttons from left to right?
Hi, what type of food is this? Thank you.
What are the buttons on this microphone, not microphone, remote?
What is this that I took a picture of?
What is the name of this wine?
What color is this and what is it?
Are there cooking instructions anywhere on this package?  I've taken a picture from quite a distance.  And if there are cooking instructions please tell me what they are.  Thank you.
Do you see any bugs? Thank you.
Is this the front cover of the book?
Can you please describe to me the layout of this keypad?
What color is this railing?
Can you please tell me what the thermostat is set to including the temperature if it's set to on or auto?
Is this Frontline for cats or for dogs?
What kind of TV dinner is this? I know it's Stoffer's but what flavor? Thanks.
What does the picture look like on the screen. Or what does it say on the screen? Is it done refreshing?
do these clothes look dirty?
Can you read any of this material?
What is the expatriation date?
Yes I'm wondering if this one's too blurry or not. i'm trying to get a good picture of my medicine bottle. I wanna know what's inside of it before I take it because if I take the wrong it could mean serious trouble. Could someone help me. Thank you.
Read the text on the box.
The screen
Can you tell me what is in this can pleases?
Please, I know this is Healthy Choice, but can you tell me what type of frozen dinner this is? Thanks.
Hi, I think I may have the box right side up, I'm not sure. Can somebody tell me what's in this box, please? Thank you.
What color is the ceiling fan?
These curtains look clean.
The flavor?
And this
What is this bottle, please?
What color is this polo shirt?
what does this do?
What number is this needle pointing to?
What is this box
Is the computer monitor on?
What are you...
What color is the sock?
What color is this shoe and is there a design on it?
Can you tell what kind of soup this is please?
what does this photo say?
Can you tell me what my weight is, please? Thank you.
What color is the shirt that I'm wearing, black or turquoise? Thank you.
Could you please tell me what that is. Thank you.
How many tablets are in this box?
hello could you tell me if there is any text on this computer screen please.
That thing gives it an inch. We don't work with inches here, we work with meters and centimeters, but I think this is it.
Which way do I turn button to toast? Thank you.
Does it say what this is?
What sent?
can you tell me if there's any writing on this package and what it is?
What is this continue?
This is just a test. Should be a door.
How much is on the bill?
Description this box picture of his.
Is the TV on right now?
Is this 7-up?
Can you read the name on that syrup bottle
Hi, what does this say? What album is this? You're hearing me by the way, thanks.
Need to know what steamer bag this is.
which flavor is this?
Is this gold or silver? How do I know? Okay, I mean I held it.
Could you tell me how much this is?
What is the name of this K-cup?
Where I can to buy?
What is the title of this book please? Thank you
This is the display of the treadmill. Can you tell me the distance in miles please?
Would you please read these buttons from left to right on the scanner?
Is this decaf or regular coffee please?
Could you read this please?
What's the expiration date on this nondairy cheese?
Can you list the order of the cycles that are on this washer? Thanks.
What kind of bike does this look like? Does it look like a spider bike?
How many toes does this person have?
For how long do I cook this in the microwave
what do i use this for?
Do you know?
What gift card is this?
What's the color?
How do I switch on this dishwasher?
hi could you please tell me what is in this box. Thank you very much.
Any writing on this?
What is this? Foreign Language
Hello, baby.
Tell me what the scale says please.  Thank you.
Is this tylenol or something else?
What kind of phone is this, please?
What is this can of food?
How many liters are in this bottle?
Does this broccoli look moldy at all?
My computer isn't talking. Can you please tell me what my screen says?
How long am I supposed to cook these in the oven?
What does this card say?
What is this photo?
What does this grill say?
Can you describe this photo including any text?
Is there any way to tell which kind of Ballast Point beer this is?  Thank you.
Ok, is this the last message I got was that of a ? image. How does this one look? Do I need to turn it more one way or the other or...
What's the number on the top left corner?
What app is this?
What does this little note say?
What is in this screen?
Tell me what's the color for this ipad?
Is it Dr. Pepper or Coca Cola?
Can you please tell me what this logo/label says?
Could you please tell me what this bottle is? Many thanks.
I didn't want anything, I just wanted to say thank you for your assistance.
Can you see the bluetooth keyboard image in this picture?
Ok I have taken a picture of a sticker close up now hopefully you can see it. Again, I need the model number. Thank You
Does this bottle say bottle lotion or shower gel?
What kind of green is this?
Can you tell if this is a black marking pen?
Can you tell me what this frozen food is please?  Thank you.
is there anything on the screen thank you
Can you please describe this picture to me? Thank you.
What is the bottle of?
Can you tell me whether this says it's dark chocolate or milk chocolate?
Is this a can of spinach?
What is this card be?
How can you tell the grass needs watering? What does it look like?
What's the title of this essay?
Id like to know whats contained in this can
What are the three numbers I have to type?
Way out of this cooler
What color is this bracelet?
Does this mail slot have anything written about what kind of letter's can go in there?
what is the color of this purse?
where does this water come from
Let's try this again. Is there an image on the monitor screen now?
What is this stand?
Can you read this paper?
can you tell me what this paper is about
Would you wear black pants or black skirt with this blouse?
Do these clothes match?
Could you tell what this item is please?
Please fully describe what you see in this image, thank you.
If you can see the battery on my phone can you tell me the model number and the model of it so that I can order another battery?
I asked: what color are these nails?
Is this card right side up or upside down, and what card is this? Thank you.
What color is the sofa?
Can you tell whats in the box now?
Kind of beer is that?
What do the clouds in the picture look like? Do they look like storm clouds?
What's the color for this keyboard?
is this egg rotten or yucky in some way ?
What is on the current screen? What does it say?
Is there a movie that goes with this book?
Is my light on? And what time it is in relationship to central daylight time?
Yes. I need to determine what the label on this bottle is. Thank you.
What flavor cheese is this?
This is a test.  This is a test.
Is there a dot on my neck, or a bump?
What is this? This doesn't work.
What color is this belt?
Hi What kind of coffee is this? What does it say. Thank you
So this is my third try at this t-shirt. Hopefully when you meant upside down it just meant that I needed to turn it around so that's what I did and we'll see if it's something you can identify now. Thanks.
What is this in front of me?
Does this just say Microsoft or does it also give the product number?
brahma the creator,shiva the destroyer and vishnu the preserver are the three major gods of hinduism, the larges religion in the -
Do their clothes that this person is wearing match?
Can you tell what kind of pills these are by looking at the bottle?
It monitor light on the laptop?
What is on that pennant on the wall, that is my question, thank you.
What number
What does this barcode mean?
what color is this pillowcase?
Which flavor was this?
What does this shirt have on it in terms of words and pictures? Does it have any stains?
Is this gingerbread done?
What does the box say on it, and what are the instructions for cooking time?
Is it a computer?
What kind of pop is that?
From left to right, what are these button's labeled?
What does this box have on it?
What's on the screen on my computer?
What are the ingredients listed on this box?
Is this near East Spanish rice?
What kind of cookies are these?
Is my monitor on?
Hi there are 4 sets of 5 numbers on this ticket could you read them for me? Thanks.
What percentage off is this coupon?
What is the picture on the gift bag?
What kind of chocolate bar is this?
Card to me please. Thank you. You guys are doing a wonderful job.
could you tell me the sodium content of the food in this box thank you
Is it boiling now?
No satisfaction, and I try, and I try
Is. What. Dollar. What bill is this?
What are the colors in these?
What does this have on it?
Is this card right side up or upside down? And what card is it? Thank you.
Can you please tell me what is on this menu?
WHat is in this can?
Is this breeders blend or beef dinner?
What am I really seeing here?
What what kind of beans are these?
Who is the guy?
What brand of name is this beer?
Can you tell if this is night or day cream?
We're looking for the style of basket, is this a Native American basket?
How many lights are switched on, possibly?
What is this captcha that is displayed on the screen?
What's this say?
What is this for a t-shirt?
What ? is this?
How can I find the normal wash?
Can you tell me the fragrance and the brand of this shower gel?
What is this? Oh let's see what it tells me.
What flavor is this
What kind of lighter is this?
Can you help me identify this label, please, thank you.
What kind of wine is this?
What is the name of this CD with artist?
A you a mechanical turk worker or are you volunteer for Viz Wiz? Thanks so much for your help. Also just sort of curious how this all works.
How many grams is a mince?
Please tell me the info on this label.  Thanks.
Can you tell me what kind of soft drink this is please?
What is that product?
What games are these?
Hi, still working on the same theme. Are you able to tell me the color of the shirt? Thanks.
How much fat does it contain?
I meant, how much is the service for answering questions about pictures not about my backyard really. Thank you!
Is this a chair?
What is the name of the product contained within the box in the picture?
Can you tell the name of this product please?
What is in the can in my right hand in the picture?
What am I photographing?
What flavor of Capri sun is this?
Can you tell me the brand of this phone please?
Can you tell me what kind of phone this is? This is, I mean.
Which eye drops are these?
I have a question. is the great
What is the expiration date of the egg?
I do that just like music, that's all. What color is this?
Okay, this is the front side of the label. What does it say?
Are these fruit crisps?
What's the weather like? Thank you.
Can you help me find the black queen side bishop.  I dropped it somewhere on the chess board I don't know where, I can't find it.
What is the logo on this vodka bottle?
Can you please identify the words appearing on the picture on the screen. It's a captcha that i need to be able to identify. Thank you.
Try the pin again or what is it?
what's in this package?
What model of stereo is this?
what game is this?
Does this outfit go together? Hopefully there's enough light. Thank you.
Can you tell me the 1-800 number off of this card?
What is the picture?
What color is the box?
Describe this photo.
What is the oven temperature set at in Fahrenheit?
Are these cheese or blueberry?
Okay, can y ou tell me what the temperature is now? I just changed it. Thanks.
Can you please read this label?
Are these regular envelopes or security?
what is on this shirt?
What is the color of this
Can you tell me what kind of frozen vegetable this is?
Can you tell me what these are please?
Can you please tell me whats in this envelope?
I'm wondering what can this product is thank you.
Is my TV on? Is
Can you tell me what color this cats eyes are? He's a stray.
What color wine is this?
Which product is this, please?
What is the buttons on the washer from left to right?
What type of guitar is this?
Please tell me the expiration date.
How do you cook this?
What is the recipe on this box?
What color are you?
Is this a Taco Bell cup?
What does this sticker say?
How much water do you need to add to a packet to make it a bouillon?
Is this mixed vegetables or corn?
Does this say the wattage of the bulb, and if it does, what's the wattage?
What is this?  What's in this bottle?  Thanks.
Could you tell me what this is, please?
What's the expiration date on this non dairy cheese?
What is on the front cover of the book?
I hope this is clear enough.  I need to know what this can is, please.  Thanks.
Can you tell me what kind of TV dinner this is?
What is, what is the color of this door? Please.
can you tell me what time is it for
Could you please tell me what color this skirt is? Thank you.
What color socks are these?
Okay, let's try this again, I know this is a paper with a serial number on it. It's an ID of a digital play of some sort. I need
Is this cream of chicken or cream of celery?
Can you tell me now what's on the screen, please.
Evening, ladies and gentlemen. I have a package here of some rubbish that I have to put in the microwave. Could someone tell me how to cook it on a eight hundred watt microwave. Thank you.
What's the expiration date?
Does this need to be refrigerated?
What kind of rice is in this box?
What color is this keyboard?
One more time. What is the temperature now?
This is a bag from Schwann's. Can you please tell me what it is?
Yes, is it easy to determine the label and dosage information of the this bottle? Thank you.
What kind of wine am I looking at?
What is this box? What is this box?
Please tell me the title of this book. Thank you.
I'd like to know if the start up wizard set up wizard is moving or progressing or if I need to do something with the screen. Thanks.
What is this picture of the keychain?  Not the key but the keychain.
There's five jacks on the back of this router and I'm just wondering if you can tell me what they are from left to right. Thank you.
What kind of beer is this.
What prices are on this sign?
what kind of coffee is this?
What kind of nectar is this?
what shirt is this?
How many pair of shoes on the floor?
What flavor of coffee is this please?
What type of coffee is this?
is this image any improvement?
Identify any writing on what it says on that shirt?
Could you tell me what food is with this can?
Can you tell me what kind of beer that is?
Can you tell me what kind of vegetable this is?
What blend of coffee or is this tea in this K-cup box?
Towel please
Coffee is this?
Can you please tell me what kind of food this is?
Can you tell me what kind of cookies these are? I can't really see.
what kind of candy is this?
What are these and can I eat these?
Does this say what type of wine this is?
What's in this box.
Can you please tell me what this paper says? Hopefully this picture will be better. Thank you.
Are there any stones missing out of this?
I know this can is dented but can you please tell me what is in it?
What is this dial indicator pointing to?
What kind of cookie is this?
Kind of sandwich is this?
Hi, can you give me the percentage of the scan disk? Thanks.
What is the name of this DVD?
What flavor coffee is this, please?
Hi and what kind of safe is this? Thank you.
What is this a gift card for?
What kind of can is this? What kind of drink is this, I mean?
can you tell me what this is please? Thank you.
what is in front of me?
sending message
What's the model number and manufacturer of this printer?
i suspect this is a pizza box is that correct?
What does it written on the paper?
What is the sodium content of the food that's in this can?
What coffee is on this cup, please? The type, style. Thank you.
What color is the carpet?
What is on this remote?
I'm sorry ???, this is just a quick test. Seems to be an issue with my camera; could someone describe to me what they're seeing through the picture they're looking at? Thanks!
Que es
what does this bottle say?
What made you this
Can you please tell me what's in the can in my right hand?
What kind of ring is this?
Is this picture? Is this picture of my computer screen show that it's booting up or not?
does this outfit go together? thanks
What page number is visible thank you.
What is the product?
Do you see any kind of code on here that indicates what flavor this is?
Can you read what's on this screen?
What is this please?
What color is this??
Good morning, Id like to know what color shirt this is? Thank you.
Red wine vinegar or balsamic?
Could you please identify this object?
What brand of soap is this?
What's on this box?
What is that can?
How many calories are in this bottle of beer?
What color is this beer?
What does it say on this page that I took in the picture?
I know that things might be moving in the picture, but what do you see?
What product is this, including brand name if possible?
What's the sky look like in this photograph?
What's going on on the 405?
what seasoning is this?
what two items are checkmarked on this card?
What product is this?
What size is my breast?
Sometimes they're able to and sometimes they aren't. If I had whatchamacallit reader, which is like, $20.What reader?Whatever that reader's called that's supposed to read stuff.
Can please tell what is in this packet?
Is the screen on now?
What is the number on the screen?
What type of Kleenexes are those?
What type of musical instrument is this?
What is this photo describing?
Can you please tell me what kind of wine this is? Color and name if possible, thank you.
what is this? what is this?
What is in this box, thank you.
Could you tell me what these tablets are and any identifying information on them? Thank you.
Can you tell me if this is shampoo or conditioner? Thank you.
What page number is visible? Thank you.
what is this photo?
Is the light on in the dining room?
Is this the blue?
Can you tell me from left to right, control buttons on this oven.
what is the color?
What is the oven setting?
What is the value of this card?
Is this Coke or diet Coke, please?
What is in this picture? What's on the bottle?
What is the code to be typed?
What can of beer is this?
Is this a box of cereal?
What discount is written on this card?
Can you tell what I have the oven on?
What are in these jars?
Hello, can anybody please tell me what this is, please?
Can you tell how many pounds this meat is?
Fall for ex
What is this? How much?
What does this thermometer say?
There's a caption on this screen and I'd like it to be read please.
what kind of yogurt is this
What type of food is this? What does the box say?
Hello there, if you could the ingredients on this package could you tell me what the salt or sodium level is? Thanks.
Can you tell now what card it is?
Again this is - I tried sending this before and someone suggested that I take the picture closer up. It's a picture of a garlic label, this garlic, I'm trying to find the expiry date on it and hopefully you can help me out with that. I do appreciate it. Alright? Thanks.
How big are my breasts?
What button says scan? Thank you
what what kind of drink is this?
If I were to flip this DVD over which DVD is this?
What type of bill do I have?
What golf course logo is this from?
Do I need to go to the right or left to get to the heavy load end.  About how far do you think?
How many videos game are in are on the shelves?
what is written on this box?
What type of soup is htis?
Read this menu to me please.
What bread mix is this?
What is the total wattage of this power supply?
How much description can you give about something that's on the television?
What type of candy is this?
Does this chicken look cooked? Thank you.
How long do I put it in for then?
Which part of the box have internal control?
Is this blue or red?
What is the color of this table?
What kind of beverage is this?  Thank you.
What type of drink is this and is there anything left in the bottle?
Where is the phone?
What is the picture on this shirt and what does it say below it?
There seem to be four buttons on this washer? Are they related? Are the top ones related to temperature or?
What is in this picture? Thank you.
What is the color and the pattern of this shirt?
Which of the six jacks on the back of this PC is the speaker or volume connection?
Please explain in detail what is shown in this image.
How can I eat potato chips?
Does it say?
What is the name of this seasoning?
Is this tide high efficiency or low efficiency?
What flavor dip is this?
Does this have caffeine?
What TV show is this that I'm watching?
Thanks in advance
Can you please tell me what color my shirt is thank you.
Tell me about the clock radio.
Please tell me as much as you can about what these shorts look like. Are they solid? Are they plaid? What colors are in them?
What color is this skirt? thank you.
What's on the screen please
What are the names of the buttons on this remote?
Whats that?
What does it say on the current screen?
what flavor gum is this?
Do these socks match
Can you tell me what this product is and some of the information on the label?
Can you read the instructions on the medicine bottle?
what is this captcha?
Please can you tell me what flavor these cookies are.
Number is displayed.
Please tell me what you see on my image if my, on the camera, if my image is focused properly.
what do you see
So how long do I cook this in the microwave?
What is this cup?
Which button is the second floor button?
What is this poster of
Is this a bin?
Can you tell me whats on this envelope please?
read this bid please?
I took a picture of the front of the slow-cooker. I do not want to know what brand it is. However please tell me what position the knob is in the front. Is it
What button is this one?
No. In progress.
What is my dial set on please?
What number on this tray?
Is this corn?
What is this frozen dinner?
What is this, and what is it's color, and what shape is it, and where does it belong?
What type of essential oil is this? I think it might be grapefruit.
What is the level that this syringe is set at?
What kind of bottle drink is this?
What are the numbers on this item?
Is air conditioner on air, dehumidifier or fan?
What kind of cake is this?
What kind of broth is this?
Are my posters lined up?
What are you able to see in this photo my dear friend?
What's on the television set?
What color is the iPod dock and also can you hear this question?
Is there a picture on the back and if so what is it, or words?
Can you please tell me the brand and name of these cookies?
Is this fabric white or blue?
Can you tell me what kind of food is in this container?
What is the name of the product contained in the bottle in the picture?
What color is this fan?
What color are the lids of the bottles?
This is medication, what is it?
Okay, can you tell me what kind of wood this is?
This is furniture.
What kind of cornbread mix is this?
Can I use this product to wash the kitchen floor?
Tell me what the expiration date is on this yogurt?
Is it navy blue or turquoise? Thanks.
Is this just pepperoni pizza?
Hi, what does this card say, I'm looking for an 8 digit ID number.
What is the frequency on the display?
is this a can of pam, or what is in this can?
What's in this can.
Can you tell me what is in this bag or what type of bag it is?
Is this TV screen, is it black, is it the fuzzy screen? What do you see on the screen?
can you please tell me the temperature this oven is set too?
Could you please tell me what is this? Thank you.
It's a picture of.
What is the color of this skirt?
Can you, can you tell me if this actually gives an amount on the envelope or, or do I probably have to take the card out?
Does the answer yes mean that it's calming, or does the answer yes mean that it's bedtime? I'm not clear on the answer that was given.
What is my cooker set on?
Can you tell me what this says now?
Is this a plain white t-shirt?
Is this a talking timer or a talking clock?
Can you tell what this visual challenge is on the computer please?  Thank you.
Hi and what does this card say? And more specifically I'm looking for an 8 digit ID number.
Hi there could you tell me what the salt or sodium levels in this can of food is? Thank you.
what does the sky look like in this picture
Is this a ticket for the sand dollar?
What's the magazine's name?
Is that photo better or did it not do good?
What are the instructions for this?
Is this decaf or not, coffee.
Is this an animal footprint or a baby footprint? As if this is for a baby gift.
Mean or maple leaf?
is this acceptable to wear in public?
What this is
What flavor is this packet please?
Could I get the expiration date on this can?
this should be a yellow onion, does it look okay?
What's the size please?
Can you please tell me what kind of tea or coffee this is?
bus stop
What causes my dings?
Can you tell me what the temperature on the thermostat is?
Can you give me an idea of what's on the screen? Thank you.
What is the scenery outside? Trees.
What does this ring look like?
Hi thanks so much. Could you possibly tell me what kind of Altoids these are? thank you
Is this a can of beets?
What is the kind of this mobile?
What is the service box?
Can you tell me the instructions on this bottle of shampoo please?
What style are these?
What color is this wallet?
Identify the bottle.
The three buttons just below the dial left to right. Thank you.
what kind of computer is this?
What design is this?
Where are my stairs?
What are the cooking directions?
My computer won't talk. Can you tell me what's on the screen?
Are there any red lines or strips or anything on the screen?
Please tell me what this is?
Hey, I need to know what color these shoe laces are. I'm particularly looking for a brown pair, or a dark pair, that will match the dark tennis shoes I have. Thanks.
Could you please tell me what these are?
What's in this ketchup?
What is this? What is this? What is this? What is this? What is this?
What is the picture on the front of this bag?
How many cars are on each show? Thank you for what you did.
Can you tell what is written on this T-shirt?
What's a scallywag? scallywag? What's a scallywag, scallyway?
What number does this say?
Can you please tell me if you can see the nutrition facts on this bag of Cheetos?
How many purple-ish colored lines do you see?
could you tell me what the temperature and the room temperature is?
What was this cassette tape?
Please describe this tablecloth.
Can you tell me how long this womans hair is and what color it is?
What are these and what color are they and how big are they? That is my questions.
What is this hiding?
Is it up?
What milligrams is this?
Can you tell me what this a can of please?
Can you please tell me what the brand and name of these burritos are please
Can you tell me
can you tell me if this bracelet is black or is it turquoise
What color is this wrapping paper?
What kind of books are on this shelf? Thank you.
Can you tell me what this can is? Thanks.
What are in these two containers from left to right?
Please read the text on the monitor.
What are the labels on the buttons in this row?
What type of yogurt is this? Thanks in advance. Appreciate that.
what is the taste of the pack?
So the sky does look like we're gonna be in for quite a big storm.
Is there a blinking light on this radio?
What's this envelope please?
please tell me what this saids?
I know this is a jar of spices, as to what it is, I have no clue. Can someone help?
What about this?
Does this part of the test show one or two lines?
Do you know what kind of dog this is or what it looks like?
What does the hat say?
What video game is being played?
What's being displayed on the screen right now?
What is the sodium content?
What's on the front of this manual end? What's the title?
I apologize for the rain, but can you please tell me what's in this bottle?
Is there an error message on the screen, or is my sound just not working?
Is this regular or decaf coffee? Thank you.
What color are the straps on the sandal?
Can you please tell me all the spices that are in this cabinet?
WHAT KIND OF WATER BOTTLE IS THIS, AND WHERE CAN I BUY THE WATER?
What kind of chicken breasts are those? In other words, what brand is that, please? Thank you.
How long should this rice be cooked in the microwave for, please?
What is this meal?
ok as requested i've moved my camera to the left and can you please tell me what the screen says thank you very much
Can you tell me if this dress is blue or black please, thank you.
What kind of book is this and how thick is the book?
What is the model number?
What does the label show on this bottle?
What make and flavor is this coffee please?
where am I?
Please can you tell me what this item is?
What is this CD
What creamer is this?
Can you see what fragrance this is?
Can you tel me what's on this rock? Thank you.
what brand is is this brand?
What is the color of my shirt?
Hi can you tell me the reading on this thermometer or how to adjust the picture so you can let me know what it is? Thanks.
Uncle mickey wants to know what the colors are and what this looks like, its  psychedelic rainbow, I know its a black shirt. Please let us know.
My remote control I'm looking for like the enter or select key, or something like that, but an overall description of where buttons are would be real helpful too if you could do that.
What liquid is in this cup?
This is the fifth napkin, the last one matching the place mat. Are the stripes in vertical or horizontal? Thanks, you've been so helpful and I'm so grateful for...
What is it that I am looking at? Or did I just take a picture of?
What is the black thing?
Are these sausages fully cooked?
what sort of drink is this?
What is the color of this glasses?
Who is this mail for?  Who is it addressed to?
Can you tell me what color this is please? Thanks.
I'm trying to find out, what the cooking instructions on the back of this box are, if at all possible, it would be for microwave cooking. Thank you.
What color was that?
For what college team is this helmet?
The expiration date.
Is this batch a or b?
Can you tell me what's in this packet?  Some sort of microwave meal but I don't know what it is, thank you.
The test?
What is in this can.
Can you see what the view is from that window, or is the sun too bright and blocking it?  And if you can see the view, roughly what is it?  Thanks.
Who is the mail for?
Can you read the information if possible please?
what is in the picture?
Hi what does this shirt look like?
Has that brought those buttons into focus? I'm thinking that one of them might be a skip button.
What is the serial number on the back of this mattress?
What kind of bars are these?
What is the answer of this question?
What are those letters?
What whats the color?
What is the name of this game?
Door closed
In the jaw
What can you tell me about these shoes?
Tell me what this is?
What flavor is this Gatorade?
What is thi- what is this?
This is a washing machine setting knob. The bottom left hand corner contains a bump, a raised dot. I need to know what setting that is.
Can you please describe that flower to me?
Okay, same question, can you see the colors of the shirt and I've taken a far much closer picture than I previously did. Let me know what you can see, thanks.
Hold on...keep walking.
What's the color if this jumper please.
What's the picture of?
May I have a description of what this photo looks like?
Can you read the flavors on any of these?
What is this ziploc type product? Thank you.
What is this bill?
What was the object I just took a picture of?
What is in this dinner?
What kind of wine do I have?
How cool are you?
What's in the can and if it's green beans can you tell me what cut it is? Thank you.
This a thing?
What does the label read on this can? Thank you.
Could you tell me what wrestles?
This should be an Apples itune screen on the monitor is it.
What letter is this?
What type of arrowhead is this?
What kind of RAM is this?
What does the key say on this piece of paper?
How many fingers am I holding up?
Hi. Could you please tell me what is in this box? Thank you.
What kind of pasta is in this frozen meal box?
Record What is this catalog, please?
what is all this on?
What colors are in this craft necklace?
What happened?
Hi, can you tell me what's in this food box and how to cook it? Thank you.
What is this antique object?
What is the number of the table? What is the number of the table? Thank you.
What food is this?
Hi, What's on this card? I'm looking for an 8 digit number. I hope I didn't wake you up.
Are you able to tell what temperature this is on?
What kind of plant is this
Is this the front side of the paper?
What is the color of my grandson's shirt? He is turning 10 today and I want to make sure I can take him out in public.
What flavor of, what flavor of Doritos are these?
Hi, in front of you you have a packet of waffles. I want you to tell me what the cooking instructions are for oven cooking. Thank you.
How much does this cost?
Can you tell me if this cat is cute?
Can you tell me what that label is, please?
What is with this list?
What's in this tent?
What color is this?  What the...
What is in that bottle?
This guy look like.
Does this cup say Tim Horton's or Timothy's Coffee of the World?
Are these regular chips, or salt and vinegar chips?
Does this shirt go with this skirt?
What is the serial number of this device?
Which case is this?
Hi, what color is this skirt please? Thank you.
Can you tell me what kind of product this dinosaur is? He hatched from this egg sitting next to him.
What temperature is showing on the display?
What is this, what is this paper?
Is this some sort of cowgirl jewelry clothing or accessory?
What color is this shirt? What color is this shirt?
What is this piece of paper and what's on it?
What is the name on this ball cap?
There should be two lines on this little device. What color are they? One might be much lighter than the other. Let me know that, as well.
Could you please tell me what the label on the bottle says? Thanks.
What is in this bedroom?
Yes, I need to determine the word in the captcha image. Thank you.
Does this box say anything?
Can you tell me this UPC number is?
This is a mobile?
what's the expiration date on this milk?
Does this talk about a fire bag?
What kind of pickles are in this jar?
CD is this?
Can you tell me what this bottle is? Thank you.
Can you tell me what color this shirt is and what the design is on the front, please?
Yes, could you me what's on this can? It doesn't have a label. Thank you.
Which way does the sign go?
Is the same screen still up? Or did it change? I just--tried to hit finish.
Hi, what is this album say, who is this? And hey, you're listening to by the way, thanks.
Can you tell me what flavor coffee this is?
Okay, so I think this is transcendent man. Am I correct?
What is in this tin?
what is the name of this lotion
What color is this item?
Okay, what is that thing, and if you can't answer that all I know is that it was made by human, what does that little label say?
Is this shower gel or lotion?
Where are you?
Is my light on
How long do I cook this for?
I am well aware that it's tin food. What I want to know is what does this can say? I would like to know what it is in this can, not tin food.
What's in this jar?
what kind of matters in this is?
Why are my kids still awake?
can you tell what flavor tootsie roll this is?
To pop or beer?
Is this lamp on or off?
Now is there any writing or logos on the iPhone screen?
Did you see any haze?
>When does the item expire?
What type of medicine is this?
What is it set at?
What kind of tree is that?
Hi, can you please tell me what the blurry words are that I need to type into the box for the security question? Thank you.
I need to know the name of this cologne.
What are the instructions for taking the vitamin C?
How about now, am I closer to the heavy cycle?
Can someone tell me what the security question is on the screen, please?
What brand is this wine?
<garbled> is that white or brown, and what is the brand name if you can identify it please?
What kind of can is this? What's in the can?
There is a bar of soap in the picture. Can you tell me the flavor?
What flavor of coffee is this please?  Hopefully the flash is better this time.
Please tell me where I am right now.  What's the name of this street?
What sort of rice is this please?
What flavor is this? I know it's Green Mountain coffee.
Can you name the control buttons starting from left to right?
Tea in this photograph.
What are the instructions for making this cake?
What sort of entree is this?
What is the thermostat setting for the air conditioning on this device?
Please can you tell me what color the carpet is?
What color are the flowers?
What color is the jacket and pants?
What are the directions on this box?
What did the big grey clouds look like in the sky?
Can I have a description of the clouds in the sky in this picture?
What color...
Does it say on this box?
What did it say?
What color are these pants, dammit? What f'in color? Goddammit.
What does it say on this coupon?
Can I have the directions to prepare this? Thanks.
Do you see any bugs or anything that I should be alarmed about?
What is the expiring date on this yogurt
What color is this cat?
what's this
Is the heat on?
What is this? Thank you.
What kind of usher cream is contained in this container?
Hello, I'm just about to tuck into these crisps but could someone tell me what flavor they are please?
How much is the total?
Which color does that t-shirt have which I'm wearing? I think it's purple but I have got two of those so I'm not sure which one this is.
what kind of soda is this
what numbers are on this piece of paper?
What brand is this coffee?
Yes, what does the facts say?
Right.  Right.  You know I.
What brand is this medication and what are the instructions? Thank you
what is the title of this paper?
Hello, I want to know what is my temperature? In Celsius not in Fahrenheit. If it's too dark just let me know. Thanks.
Can you please describe this card and it's orientation?
What is the brand name of this detergent?
What is this a model of?
What is on this bottle?
Please tell me what this package is.
Kind of coke.
What is that a bottle of?
What is the color of this bracelet?
Can you tell me what size this is?
What color is this plant?
What cereal was that?
What kind of wrapping paper is this?
Please tell me what's on my screen. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I have no speech. Bless you all for doing this. Oh no.
Is the label on the can visible now, and if it is, what does the label say?
Is this Breeder's Blend of beef dinner? Thanks.
What kind of fish is that?
what number is this gauge set on
What brand of pea is this?
What's the name of this product?
What does this cover sheet say?
Wondering what it is, whole milk?
Fire side.
What type of mail is this?
out of the bag look like?
This is the display of a treadmill. Could you tell me the distance in miles please?
Hello there, can you please see in this photograph what the temperature ranges are on the dial?
Can you tell me what kind of medication this is?
How many MLs is this can?
What is this on this plate?
Could you please tell me what's in this can?  Thank you.
What exactly is this?
Can you tell me what this says on this food box please, thank you
can you tell what restaurant this is?
is the expiration date on this coupon?
Hi there. I just wanted to know what the expiration date was on my yogurt. Thank you.
Is this rice instant or regular?
What denominator is this?
What's in this case?
What is the bottle in front of me? It's kind of cool. So they're seeing and they'll respond
Alright, take three, let's see if we can see text on this piece of paper.
Can you tell me what is on this label? Thank you.
What is the access code?
what was that?
Please solve this captcha.
What is that hanging on the mirror?
What kind of lotion is this?
IS the door open?
What color is my jeans?
Is this a machine?
What color is my wallet?
What bottle is this?
What is the name of this can please?
Is this light on the Ipad? What color is this light on the Ipad?
Yes, I would just like a description of the visual image which is a Google Street View of a given location.
Can you tell me what kind of cereal this is?
What am I? I'm joking. What is it?
I wanna know exactly what I'm seeing, but I'm not real sure right now because I just started.
Participating in the clothing identification pilot study.
what is this I don't know what it is
Now what cereal am I eating?
Read the name of soup.
What bus stop number is this?
Summary, what is on this page?
What kind of tea is this, please?
What is this in this bag?
What color is this? Please, thank you.
Is this a stereo?
What is this? What is this marker?
What brand of tobacco is this?
What color is this jacket?
Can you tell me the order of the buttons on this remote control?
Can you please read me the directions on this packet of Mccormicks chili seasoning?
Good morning. Could you please tell me what's in the can in my right hand? Thank you.
What is on the coffee table?
What is this receipt about and is there a phone number?
What kind of system is this?
Does this digital player have a model number
Hopefully this is a picture of a thermostat.  I need the thermostat what it's set at, and the two buttons is one on the left and right side by side one is up one is down which one is?
Here is another one, another spice. Can you tell me what the name of this one is? Thanks.
Can you tell me what color this is?
Would blood show up on the tan pants I'm wearing?
What is the captcha, please?
Can you tell me the directions on the box? I am unable to see.
What kind of weed is this?
Hi, can you identify this sun cream?
what kind of creamer is that?
What color are these pants and what kind are they?
How much money is here please?
Is this chocolate milk?
Will someone tell me what this is before I wrap it as a Christmas gift? Thank you.
This t-shirt say? Thanks.
I need to know what the verification code is. Thank you.
Tell me what food this brand is?
What does this label say?
What color is the sink?
What color is the cup?
Can you tell what's in the box now? Sorry. Thanks.
Could you tell my what kind of oil this is?
Is this Dell?
What is on this poster?
Hi. Can you tell me what's in this food box, and what the instructions are to cook it?
Can you tell what this product is?
Is the southern pecan or hazelnut coffee?
How many video games are in these shelves?
Can you identify this item, please?
Where is it made?
what numbers are marked on this ticket?
Is my light on? And, I have one other question. Do you have to really work all night?
What's the value of this bill?
What's in the box? What kind of tea is that?
What else does this label say?
Hello there, could you please tell me, going from left to right on this dial, what the temperature range is?
What is the colors contained in this?
YEAH WHAT FRECUENCY IS THIS?
What is this carton?
What is in that container?
What kind of hat is this and what color is it and what sports team does it belong to? Thank you I really appreciate it.
What is the code in this picture?
INFINTE PRESENCE OF A DREAM
It didn't take. What kind of bird is that?
Is this bottle empty?
I am trying to find out the model number for this bluetooth keyboard.
How much, how much is the ticket worth?
Didn't do it.  Maybe I did.  Isn't talking to me.  What color are my pants?
What is the text?
Can you tell me the color of the screen or if there's any writing on it?
Is my light on, I can't tell, can you help me?
What brand and flavor of k-cup is this please? Thank you.
whats time is it if you can't read it just tell me the time
Yes, I just need to know what the CAPTCHA image in this picture is. Thank you very much.
Can you tell me what the error message is and what I can do to get past it?
What does the captcha say?
Can you tell what this spice is?
Please let me know what is contained on these cards.
What is this recipe?
The screen clay
Hello, well I hope you can read this picture, now see if it stops it.
What kind of poison is this?
letters do I need to enter in to win?
Just, just a quick idea on this.
What color is the car in this photograph?
record, what is this bottle?
What color, and is it dressy?
Please tell me the them of this book
What color are the stones and beads in this necklace?
Button, and which is the cool and heat button? Or slider button? Thank you.
can you tell me if my lights are on in here?
What does my tv screen have on it?
What is this lotion called?
What type of pop is this?
Hello there. Could you please tell me what flavor this is? Thank you.
This is a computer ??
Is this a cable?
Can you tell when this pack expires?
Is there an image on this computer monitor?
Is there a button on here that I am supposed to push?
How much money is this amount?
What What is it?
Can you tell me what the temperature is on this air condition?
What is currently on the screen?
Which video game is this?
What is the captcha on this screenshot?
what kind of yogurt flavor is this
Alright. I'm trying to get a number off of this card and I was wondering if you could be able to read that to me.
What color is the wedding gown on this bed?
Will you please read this?
What color and kind of paint is this?
What animal is on this screen?
Please can you tell me what item this is?
What color is this dog?
What is this please tell me.
This is a display of a treadmill. Can you tell me the distance in miles please?
How many cups of milk and water will I need to make this mix?
I know its a keyboard but what color is it
What is this for?
What does this guy look like in this photo?
I have a box of produce here and I'm just wondering what the cooking instructions are.  Thank you.
I need to know what is in this can.
What's on the screen display?
Can you please tell me what kind of meat this is in this package, please?
detail of picture. I want to know detail of picture.
What color is these beats?
What temperature is the oven set to?
What is this printed on this label?
What color and design is this comforter?
Can you see if these are green beans and what cut they are?  Thank you.
There is the handle and strap on the top of this bag
This is a Avon book? Is someone holding the ice cream? Why is there an ice cream in the Avon book?
What kind of weiners are these?
What color is this stovetop?
What color are the curtains?
Could you tell me what this bottle says?
What about now?
Can you tell me, what is that?
This is please.
what dvd is this?
What does this word mean?
Can you please tell me what you can see?
I cannot find on the iMac this keyboard combination. Can someone help me please, thank you.
Does this cheese have mold?
What is my computer screen reading?
What is the expiration on this cream cheese?
What does this label say on the coffee can?
What is one sheet of paper? Thank you.
What type of nail is this?
What is the dosage information for this supplement?
What color shirt am I wearing?
This is abandoned?
CCan you tell me what percentagbe of being done the process is here?
What flavor of icee is this?
How long do I cook this microwave dinner for?
Kind of creamer is this?
What is this plant?
Is the painting right side up or upside down?
What is this picture of that I just took?
Can you tell me the calories per serving, serving size, and fiber in the nutritional information.
What is the name of this dietary supplement?
Thank you, can you please tell me what this is?
What is?
Can you please tell me what this is?
What color is the sarong?
What color is my dog?
What is written on the front of this shirt?
Please tell me as much as you can about this top.
Next picture.
Where on the dial is the arrow?
What's the product?
What is written here?
Is the dog on his bed?
cooking directions?
Please tell me what is in this food packaging. I know it's a Tesco's Indian meal of some kind.
What perfume?
This is the iPad isn't it?
What brand of pens are this?
Please read the text on this side of the box? Another attempt.
Can you please describe this orange?
It's color?
What does it say underneath windows cannot repair this system automatically? It says start something.
What are the cooking instructions for the lasagna?
I know this is suntan lotion, but I was wondering which factor it is, if you can see, please.
Please explain this shirt.
What picture is the photo?
How long do I put this in the microwave
Does Hamenton believe that the government's power should be weak or strong?
What is the serving size and calorie count for this product?
What team logo is this?
Does the computer screen have anything on it? Question mark.
How much money is it?
Can you tell me the name of the lotion now?
Is my shirt?
Are you able to tell what it is now?
What color is the sweat shirt?
In this image?
Is the screen any different now?
What is now on this TV screen?
What are the uses instructions on this bottle?
What's the name of the drink?
Is it red?
Is this a solid or a print?
thank you so much for the help. this is an awesome system
Could you please tell me what color these pants are? Thank you.
Is this yarn blue or purple?
Could you tell me what color these beads are please?
Can you read the name of this type of coffee?
What does it say here in this box?
This is a skillet meal.  What type of skillet meal is this?
Is this sweater appropriate for business wear?
What color are my trousers?
What are these? What kind of pants are these?
Hi, I wondered if you could tell me what's in this pocket please.  Thanks.
Can you please describe this card and its orientation?
what do you see on this plate
Ok, hope this works, let's try it again. What's in this can, please?
Do you see any bugs or anything that doesn't belong?
What type of cereal is this?
What packet of crystal light is this?
Is it a different?
record. what does this captcha say?
What is my rate?
What is in this box.
Hi what is this album say, um, we're listening to it right now by the way, thank you.
What is the name of this action figure?
Ok, if it says stream, first of all that's a telephone-style key pad. And second of all, yes, thank you, that was a victorator strain by Humanware. I just looked it up on the Website.
Could you please tell me if this is regular coffee or decaffeinated?
Can you tell me whose name tag this it? Thank you.
What is this can? Like, what's in it?
Would like to know what color it is.
How many calories per serving?
What currency is this?
I need to determine the two words in this visual captcha image, thank you.
Can you please tell me what kind of coffee this is?
What kind of cake mix is this? And what brand?
what snake is this?
What kind of Dell computer is this?
Is the directions in this kitchen?
What color is my Mac?
Is this card a club or spade?
Can you please read off the current thermostat status, including the weather if it's set to air conditioner, as well as if it's, what the kickoff temperature is where the thermostat will go off?
Can you please tell me what color this is? Thank you.
Is this an Ipad one or an Ipad two?
Is the text on the piece of paper under the cartoon character or is it on the sheet that has the cartoon character?
Is this picture in focus?
How often should I take this pill?
What's in front?
What does this pillow say?
What temperature is my oven at?
Is this a brownie mix? Thanks for helping.
What is the name of this CD and the disc number?
Which is the yellow one?
What kind of Ipad keyboard is this?
What is this thing?
Does this have ends?
Last try, I turned over the little envelope on the other side to see if it actually was on that, so if you could let me know if there's an amount on that one.
Are we in there like swimwear?
What colors is my keyboard?
I just tried to wash this Ugg boot, but I don't know if it worked, and I'm afraid I may have ruined it. Does there appear to be any stains on it?
Are the directions visible now?
Which purplish light is darker the one on the left or the one on the right?
hey, what does this card say?
Tell me what this dog looks like
I'm using this new app, trying out this new service. Think it's going to be a great deal to me, great help for me. Would you be able to tell what is, what kind of bottle this is. Not sure.
What type of flower is this?
What does, what does this say?
What button am I supposed to push?
Can this be put in the microwave?
What are these instructions for?
What is in this card and is it right side up or upside down? Thank you.
Name of this. What is the name of this product?
Okay, what kind of jerky is this again?
Can you please tell me what this can is?
Which product is this?
What bill denomination is this?
What color is this fleece jacket?
read label please
what's in this container
name of that please
What temperature is this oven set on?
Where is this sold?
What colors are these hair clip and hair ties? Thank you.
What does it say on this van?
What color is it?  Oh, you want web workers and iq engine. So go down.  Ok now go up.
are these black inks or dark blue
Can you tell me what color that shirt is?
What is the denominator of this bill?
What is this card?
Can you read me my credit card number?
If there is any text on the screen, what does it say? Thanks.
What color is it?I don't know what just happened.
Hello could you please tell me what this bottle is? Could you tell me what the product is please?
Is the computer off?
what color is my hair?
What is in this stack
Please confirm the oven setting.
Is this college ruled?
What color is this t-shirt? Thank you.
What color is this dog.
WHat color is this?
What's in this?
Is this real diet doctor pepper or is this an off brand?
Which color paper cup am i using?
How many calories in one serving?
Testing 1, 2, 3.
What's on the screen
I need a description of the buttons that are on the front of this phone. Especially the top and bottom buttons that are not the number keys. Thank you.
What is in this box? What does the label say on this box? Thank you.
i would like to know what this item is and what it may be valued at
Please describe this t-shirt.
My shoes. What color are my shoes? What color are my shoes?
Now, can you tell how long do I put it in the oven for?
What does this item look like?
Can you describe these flowers to me, thank you.
What type of baby food is this?
Hello.  What flavor Marie Callender is this?  Thanks!
Is this stripes or flowers?
Are these strawberries?
What kind of tossimo coffee is this?
Can you please tell me what the computer screen says?  Thank you.
What is the direction of the curtain loop and why?
What magazine is this?
Which seasoning is this?
What is on my shelves?
What does that mean?
What color is the comforter on my bed?
On the left.
What box of cereal is this?
What is this card in my hand?
I would like to know the name of the spice in this bottle.
What is the frequency in megahertz for this radio?
What is the expiry date on this yogurt?
yeah, i'm trying to use this new service, what is in this can?
What is this K-cup?
I am the baddest if you want my money then I don't mess with ya'll
What color is my slipper?
and how big is it?
What denomination is this note?
Fist, thank you.
Are there numbers on this keyboard? If so where are they located.
Delete that picture.
what color is this rubber band
What color is this one?
What color is this device?
How many coins are on the panel?
What is this? Just ask what is that?
I need to find out if these are chewable.
Hi, what is this? Thank you.
I'm trying to use this new service, what is in this can?
One more time, could you see the caption and tell me what it is? Thank you.
What does this window say?
what is the oven temperatures setting?
What does the label on this electronic device say?
Is this midol?
I was wondering, what pattern are the shorts that my friend is wearing? Thanks in advance.
What is this called?
What kind of bug bite is this?
read this paper please
In tarnation is this?
What is the word capture on this picture?
How many people are on this poster?
What's number on top left? Five digit.
What is in here?
When does the duplication of DNA occur?
Were do I buy Axe Deodorant?
What color are my pants and I have another question.  Is there a web worker looking a picture all day?
What do you see on the screen?
Is this ham?
What is this? Come on.
What flavor Marie Callendar dinner is this?
Can you tell me what flavor this is please?
What is the name of this perfume?
What is the color of that t-shirt? And greetings from Kuwait.
Which Hindu god is this?
What does the sky look like in this picture?
when did this expire?
Who is answering my question?
Is this a bottle of hair conditioner or shampoo?
Can you see what candy bar is on this table now, or do I need to move the camera some more?
What is this? There's a damn spider up there.
Where is this box from?
what country is this coin from?
What is this package? thank you.
What month does this item expire?
Can you tell me the cooking instructions from the ham from this label?
What kind of cologne is this/
Can you please tell me what page number this is?
Can you read what is written on this box?
Is this white wine or red wine?
What pop is this?
What color is this plate?
What denomination is this bill?
Is this a Windows 8 screen?
What is in that can?
has this candle been burnt or is it new
What question, what answer. Sorry, what options are available to me?
can you tell me what type of sandwich this is please? thank you
What is the color of this drink?
What color is the bear's shirt?
What brand are these speakers?
what color are these socks?
Ok here's the first side of the box, hopefully this picture will come out and we'll be successful in the conventional oven temperature and length of time. Thank you very much. I hope this picture
Are there grey stripes in this shirt?
And what's the name of this package of chocolates? Thank you.
Can you see an expiration date on this milk cap?
What do you guys see in the picture? Do you see the fire crackers? Fireworks?
Tell me the company of and the type of this fan.
What is this thing and what is the color?
Hey, can you tell me if this is shampoo or conditioner please? Thank you.
Where is this top?
Describe this place.
What is this article?
In the following diagram draw the shape of the
What kind of essential oil is this?
What color is the couch?
Where is the power button?
Can you see what label is on the can of coke?  I'm just wondering if it's something that got stuck there or if it's a voucher or something like that? Thanks.
What is this? What color is this?
What color hair is this
What color is this yarn?
Who does this look like?
What is the contents of this can?
Can you tell me what's on this envelope?
Does this say tax information?  Does this say tax information?
Can you please state what's in the photo?
In this video, what name is displayed?
Please read the counter.
How many color connectors on the back of that device
What kind is this?
what is this we taking a picture of?
What color are the stripes on this shirt?
What type of plant is this that is growing in my garden?
Do you see anything on this screen?
Can you, can you read the label on this bottle?
DOes this headset look like it's charging?
What flavor are these croutons?
Is that a water? What is it?
Can you tell me what type of food is in this, can as detailed as possible.  Thank you.
Could someone please tell me what kind of hand cream is in this tube? Thank you.
Whats spice is this?
What are the directions to take this park?
What time does the display on the stove say?
What the screen says. Because I'm reinstalling windows and I'm an end-user. The last time I had someone read it out and say it was twenty minutes left.
Looking for properties to rent in my area, what is the condition of the house shown in the image?
What are the answers to these questions?
What color is this pepper?
Red or white?
What model is the TV
What's the CD that the camera's pointing at? It's an Xbox CD, but I don't know what CD it is.
Is this cornbread, and if it is cornbread how many ounces?
What's in the bottle, please?
What's on the shelf?
please read this label.
please tell me the labels on the square of connectors in this order top left top right bottom left bottom right.
Please, is it for lightening? Please tell me.
Are there any writing or logos on the iPhone screen? If there is writing, what does it say?
Hey there. I'm not sure if my question's not coming through properly. I wasn't asking the color. I am looking for the temperature ranges going from left to right on the dial. That should be on the picture of a slowcooker. Thank you.
What's, what's on the screen this time?
Please identify this item if possible tell me what temperature this is.
Oh, what is this?
This is the same woman's top, the backside of it. Is it plaid, black and white like the front?
Sky looks stormy.
Could you please tell me the sodium content of the pot pie in this box? Thank you.
What is on this piece of paper?
What is shown on this tshirt? Thanks.
What is the expiration date on this mustard?
Yes i need to determine the buttons that are labeled on this fax machine. Thank you.
Is this hamburger or sausage?
Please describe this card and any writing on it.
How clean does this boot look? I just tried to wash it but there might still be some stains.
What is this a case for?
Can you sit on this fridge?
Specifically what kind of card is this and is this right side up or upside down? Thank you.
What does all of it say?
Is this the Office 2010 CD?
What is the address here?
what page is this and how much of the page is visible thank you
What is this magazine?
What am I touching?
What is on these cells, and how many things are there on these cells?
Does the label say?
What is the name of the button on top of the modem?
what is this bottle of
Can you tell me what this meat packet is? Thank you.
i know this is bre but what flavor of brie is it please?
What is the color of this wall?
What type of soda is this? That was funny. That was really funny.
Is there a way to have the record sound changed because I can't hear it, also what is a package I'm here scanning and are there any other applications that I could use
Can you please tell me what the screen shows, and have it has any error message? Thank you.
What doe's it say.
what is the label on this can?
I was curious to know what color her shirt is; and whether or not it's camouflage?
And what kind of oatmeal is this?
Is this sugar free Pepsi?
What is this a receipt for? Sorry about this.
What does it show on the computer monitor screen?
Please, what the color of this clothes. Thank you.
What kind of shoes are these?
I can't see anything.  Which color is this pen?  I hope I hear your voice, so I know it.
I am just checking to see if this is still working.
Which wine is orange?
Yes this is a bottle of medication, I just need the RX number on the bottle if it is visible. Thank you.
What does everything on the food label say?
What text appears on my insulin pump screen or is it too hard to see?
what are the instructions for making this buyon?
Describe what you see in this photo.
could you please describe whats on this label thank you
Can you tell me what the card says, please? Thank you.
What color is this wallpaper?
are these regular or salt and vinegar chips
What color is this sheet?
Okay, I turned the can. Can you tell me what is, please? Thank you.
Can you tell if this is broccoli cheese soup?
Can you tell me the design on this t-shirt?
What did I take a photograph of?
What are the instructions on this item?
What are the directions on this bottle?
The candle.
What does this product say?
Which Blackberry phone is this?
Okay, I've turn the package over and I need to know the grilling instruction for these burgers, thank you.
What is the name of this monster drink?
What kind of coin is that?
Can you please describe this cars orientation?
What is in this spice?
Hello, could you please tell me what color is this? Thank you.
What's on this shelf?
What kind of feed is this?
Can you tell what the title of this book is?
Is this seasoning?
What kind of beverage is this?
Please tell me as much as possible about this t-shirt?
Was this a photo of the pizza box that I took?
which kind of pain this its riddle for what
is this butter?
what color is the pen?
What brand.  What brand of tv is this?
what is the name of this plant?
What page number is this book? Thank you
What color hair is this?
Just disregard this picture. I'm just testing.
Hello there, could you give me an idea of what's on the screen?  Please be as specific as possible.  Thank you.
Does this have a price on it? Thank you.
what is this item please? thank you
What color is the carpet.
How to make this
What is this item and what color is it?
Who's letter is this from?
What is the view outside my bedroom window?
Can contents please.
What is my slow cooker set to?
What kind of bush is this?
Can you tell me if this has a plus or a minus? If it's a plus, or both lines, extremely dark.
Hello there can you tell me what flavor this pasta sauce is, please? Thank you.
what is that?
Is the mail for?
Hi, what can you see in this page that I have scanned with my phone camera?
What is the expiration date of this bus pass?
What number is this button on?
Is this table lamp on or off?
What page number do you see? Thank you.
Is this decaf or flavored coffee? If it's flavored what flavor is it?
What kind of cat is it?
what is the temperature of the thermostat
What's the sky look like today?
Can you tell me the design on this shirt? Thank you.
What food is this? Question mark.
How do you remove an alarm?
Yes, I need to determine what the captcha image is in this photo. Thank you.
From left to right, which of these cans are Coca-Colas?
Is this a remote?
From left to right. What are in each of these containers?
What are on these tapes?
Can you tell me what the scale says please.
Is the sky clear or is there any cloud?
what is in these bottles from left to right
What is the five digit code?
What page is this and can you tell me if it is upside down or right side up? Thank you.
Can you tell me what this beer is?  Thanks you.
What kind of peppers is these?
what type of drink is this?
Are there any 8x8 directions on this side of the box?
How many carbohydrates are in this beverage?
hello this sam hello this is sam watching tv, relaxing watching tv
Just pretend this view, thanks.
What kind of cooler is that?
What type of sea salt is this?
How much is this knot worth?
Is this a black pen?
Can you tell me what this pop up is saying?
Can you read this meat label for me? Thank you.
What disc is this?
What is the name on this stocking?
I need the directions on this recipe, Thank you.
Can you please tell me what the display readout says? Thank you very much.
This bottle came with my diabetic glucose monitor.  Does anybody know what it is?
You told me everything I needed to know in my last message regarding this shirt, but since you said the picture could be improved upon, I am sending you this to find out if I have not taken a picture that you feel is as good as it can be.
Can you please tell me what the contents of this bottle are?
How much is this voucher for?
What radio station is displayed on the screen?
Gift card is this
What do you see in this picture?  Can you please describe?
Can you read this bottle?
Is the light on in the kitchen?
Can you please describe this card to me it's orientation?
What is the flavor of the product?
Find me the answers.
where can i buy these big pens?
What do you see in this picture.  Please describe.
How many kilograms is it? What is the weight?
What the scale says?
What kind of TV do I have?  And what is underneath it?
What is on this page of the Avon book?
Are these blueberry or cheese?
What does this button say?
How do I cook these?
what kind of pop is this?
What is on?
Basically this is just my first photo. Which as far as I can tell I've shut it out of the kitchen window. So, what am I looking at?
Can you tell me if this thermostat is on and what temperature is it?
There's a screen above my finger. Can you please tell me what it says? Thank you in advance.
Which kind of tea is this?
what does this say or what is it about?
Can you tell what this is?
Can you tell me what this container is please? I know it's powder, I just need to know what it is. Thank you.
What brand is this? Thank you.
What's the title of this painting?
What is this spaghetti sauce?
Can you please tell me what kind of tea this is.  Thank you.
What type of
Is my shirt clean?
Are you able to see the screen? What does it say?
Test. What is this?
Describe this dress.
I'm sure this motexting this is a blue card
What brand is this coffee? What brand is this coffee?
What color shirt is this?
We need to know what is on the screen and which item is for driver signing.
What device is this?
Tell me about this creme, what is showing, what is visible, doesn't really matter if you can't read the full text as long as I know there's something going on that's fine.
What type of radio is this? If you can see the screen, what is the frequency of the station? And anything else you can see from it.
Whats in the box?
whats the kindest picture
Does this shirt have bleached spots on it?
Translate this to German
What's in this envelope please?
Is there a TV on top of this dresser?
What color is this cup?
Where is the ashtray?
What company makes this radio?
Is it chocolate?
Good morning, we're just wondering what the label on this jar says it is? Thank you.
What color jacket is this?
This is Nyquil. Is it daytime or nighttime formula?
which one is the peanutbutter?
Is there a shortcut key combination I can get to start the install?
Is this a passport?
What flavor of Coke does this button belong to?
What is in this bottle or what is the label on this bottle? Is it magnesium?
This is the next side for the expiration date for the yogurt. Just looking for that.
What is the temperature displayed on this thermostat? Thank you.
Color is the handle on this bag?
What is this chair made out of?
What's on this screen?
Can you tell me what is in this bottle? Thank you very very much.
What kind of granola bars are these?
What is the temperature setting on this thermostat?
This goes under a sink but not sure what kind of water filter or if it is a water filter.
Read what kind of coffee is in this K-cup.
what is that shirt?
this mail for?
What time does it say, on my set top box? Thank you.
What flavor is this? I think it's bacon.
This is a package from the Asian market shop. Can you tell me what the label says please?
Type of ticket is this. Is this a pick four or Carolina pick five?
What is the ounces on this box of tamales?
can you please identify this food thank you
What is the color shown in the picture?
What time is it right now? If you can't read it, can you please tell me the time?
what does this say and what color is it?
What color is this sock
Good afternoon. I have a tea cozy here. Which I don't know what color it is. So if you can tell me. I need to know where I can put it in a colored or white wash.
Does this tea have caffeine in it?
Ok, I've tried this once before. But, if you could tell me what the measurement  is on that. Is it an inch? 7/8th's of an inch? 15/16th's of an inch? something like that.
What kind of cup is that?
what color is this bank
Yes i need to determine the two words in this cash image, thank you.
What is cooking on the grill?
Do you see any number on the CD?
Is there any people in that bus?
Ok, I hope this works. What's in this can please? Thank you.
What kind of beer are these bottles?
What is that, across the street there?
What is this and how late are you going to be there tonight answering questions?
Is this whiskey Glenburgie, or Cragganmore what information can you read on the label? Thank you.
Is this pen on or off?
What is on top of that monitor and what color is it?
What is on this pillow?
What is the security code?
Is it more in focus now?
In this before. It's doing something, it's percolating.
What color if this dog?
Is this picture upside down?
What color are these trousers?
What colors are in the skirt?
What are the buttons on the washer from left to right?
Can we tell what kind of beer this is?
What is this? And thank you hard workers.
Should I wear this tonight?
Please can you tell me what this beer is? It's fullers 1845 or bsb? I'm not sure which.
What is in this tin? Please. What is in this tin? Thank you.
What's the color for this item?
what flavor is this?
That should be better.
Hey there, I need to know if this is a bus stop?
What is the redemption code of this card?
Is it lotto?
Where does this plant grow?
what coffee flavor is this?
What does the temperature say?
what color is this shirt?
What kind of shaving cream is this?
Can you please tell me what's in this box?
Could you please tell me what kind of Keurig coffee this box is?
What type of Keurig cup is this?
What is this medicine please?
What is on the TV?  I can't tell, thank you.
What color do you see?
Trying to find out the flavor of this Kool-Aid. I was told to take another picture.
What is the color of this?
Is there any peanut butter in these cookies?
What is on the dial of this? How many minutes to go?
This is a frozen lasagna, I'm trying to find the oven cooking instructions, so the oven and the time. Also I'm trying to reposition the camera so maybe you could give me some tips. Thanks.
What is this? This takes a little while to go through, but I figured it out.
Can I use this for a headache?
Is this cinnamon or cheese?
What are the letter's I type in to win the prize?
What time is it on the watch?
Can you tell me what kind of canned vegetable this is?
This can say?
What type of tea is this?
Can you please describe this card to me?
Is selected on the menu on the tv?
What is the name on this ipod cover?
And what kind of beets are these please?
trying again. Can you give me the name of the CD please?
What color is this persons hair?
Please describe what you seein this photo.
Please identify this pill.
what is mesh?
whats this capture
What's on the outside of this envelope?
What seed is this?
Which time is shown in Dwight's corner above, in the new alarm? Thank you.
What is in this package, what is it?
Is there a phone number here and if so, what is the phone number?
Morning, I have an outfit on here. Unfortunately my color probe isn't working. I want you to tell me what the color of my cords, shirt and top are to make sure they match. Thank you.
Is that a radio?
which video game is this?
WHat's in the box?
Is this a fire alarm or a combination fire and CO carbon monoxide alarm?
Can you if there's any writing or messages or anything like that on this TV screen? Thanks.
What DVD is it?
What does he sees here?
Can't the brand be read off this tag, or anything off this tag be read, thanks
What does this say on this object?  Thank you.
Please tell me the writing on the screen.
What is this product, What is this product?
Are these strawberry or smores flavor?
What they write in the sign? What they write in the sign?
What is that sitting on the plate?
Do you see a model number anywhere on the face of this device?
What's written on this paper?
The expiration date?
Is this a can of milk
Can you tell what I have the oven set on?
I just got this apple, my phone, and I'm blind. Trying to see whats in this can. If it would show it.
Do you see a color code?
Can you tell me what the label on this bottle says, please?
These are all 5 DVDs again, which on is The Sound of Music?
What's the expiration date on this mayonnaise?
What color is the town?
What in the world is this thing?
what have i taken a picture of please thank you
What does this capthca say?
What kind of printer is this?
everything on that please.
Hello. Please tell me what is in the box, please.  Thank you.
What is on this paper? Thank you.
What kind of candy is this?
What is the date on this product?
What do you see through he window
What type of pasta sauce is in this jar?
Read this paper.
Can you tell me who this is and what team their playing for? Thank you.
Which pills are in this bottle?
is is television
Hi. Could you tell me what color this shirt is, please?
What is in that bottle? It's not lemonade, it's not Mountain Dew. What is it?
What does the label on this can say?
Please tell me what the buttons do or what the names are from left to right on the scanner?
What's on the screen please?
Is he a boy or a girl?
What is going on in this picture?
Can you tell me what the directions say to make these cookies?
Yes, I'm wondering if you see any error messages on this boot up screen of the computer? One of the workers said it was a BIOS screen with a temperature error but they couldn't see the whole thing, so I--
Okay this label, say either bedtime or calming.
What's on this box? What's the brand of this snack? Is it cereal or what?
What color is my shirt and what does it say?
Can you tell me what's on the screen please.
You have money?
Can you please tell me what kind of seasoning this is?
Can you see what this is?
What is the color of this laptop?
Does my computer screen need cleaning?
Please read the contents of this box.
What is that book?
Can you tell me where I am?
Do you see what this is and if there's a website address to go?
Is this picture not too close, I don't know how you mean by it gets too close.
What is this can please?
Is it possible to see the cooking direction for microwave?
What is the model of this headset?
What is the name of this CD? I know something's recorded on it, but I'm not sure.
I'm colorblind. Does this workout outfit match? And what color is this shirt. I know the pants are blue.
What does the sun set and the clouds look like? Are the clouds storm clouds?
Could you tell me what coffee this if you can distinguish it from the box since taking pictures is not my forte?
Is the model or make of this oven, please?
Is this my holiday peanuts or my regular peanuts?
how much is this, how much money is this?
Where is this shirt?
hey can you please tell me what that label says thanks.
Ok, can you tell me what the block says? Thank you.
Can you tell me what this food item is on this box, please? Thank you.
What is the key on this paper say?
Exactly is on my shirt?
What flavor Smirnoff Ice is this?
Does this look clean?
What does that sign showing?
Can you please tell me if this has, this computer screen has an error message on it?
Just wondering what this book is?
Okay let's try this again, what is the brand name for the lasagna?
Can you see what kind of medicine this is?
What is the color and design on this shirt?
Is the type of soup visible now?
Can you tell me the type of fruit in this can as detailed as possible?
Which one of these boxes is The Prisoner of Azkaban?
Is the shirt?
What is this paper for?
What book is this? What is the title of this book?
17, 34 equals seven.
Is this a chicken nugget, macaroni and cheese, and brownie dinner?
Is the ipad on the left or the right?
This is a Christmas present for someone. Can you tell me what's in the box or what product this is? Thank you.
What is this make and model?
Pop tarts are these?
What does this...What does this purse look like?
Is the glass half full?
Is this pointed at low?
What is the title of this book, please?
Is this a taxi receipt, and if yes, can you tell how much for?
who is that?
Can you tell me what type of food is? In detail please.
Is this a draft?
Is this cheddar cheese?
Which hydration?
Can you tell the name of this eyedrop?
What manual is that? Did it stop recording?
is this shampoo conditioner or lotion?
What can is that please?
Is this Kraft Catalina Class or Kraft Catalina Fat Free?
Right, this is one of these little bottles. You might be able to tell me the name on it.
Can you tell me the numbers on the square?
What model Blackberry is this?
EXPLAIN HOW CAN YOU DETERMINE OF A SOLUTION EXPERIMENT USING CELLS?
What is this? Can you see what this is? I'm testing.
I'm trying to find the serial number on a clothes dryer perhaps you can help thank you
What is an iphone?
What is on the pennant on my wall?
can you see the writing on the bottle and if so what does it say
what kind of pills are these?
...information on this label, thank you.
What design does this rug have on it?
what does polo shirt goes with this jeans?
Which color is the car?
Can you tell how many ounces this is?
What color is it? What is this object?
Can you tell if the name of this restaurant is?
Can you tell me who this is please?
Is this a 12 volt transformer? It should say 12 'V' as in Victor. 1-2-V.
What does my computer's screen say?
What is thick?
On the left is a sweatshirt, on the right a pair of sweats. Can you tell me the color of them?
Is there a picture forming on this mat?
What pills are in this bottle? What kind of pills?
How many ounces is this?
Can you tell me what flavor of tea this is.
Are you able to please tell me the button that is to the left of the start button on this dishwasher panel?
What's that brand name say? I'd like to know what company made that stereo.
How much is this check?
What giftcard is this?
Well, what do you see?
Can you see what the settings are set to on this window air conditioner?
Where can I find one of these?
What's on TV? Could you stop talking please. It is recording.
How much this money?
What's the full name of the brewer, and the name of this beer?
What color is the towel?
What are the directions to make these cookies?
What is under the word fairbanks on this magnet
What is the title on this DVD?
Could you read me the card? Thanks.
Is there anything you could tell me about the screen? Do you see a percentage perhaps? I'm trying to figure out where this diagnostic is going.
Can you tell me this product key please? Thank you.
What color are the pin stripes of these pants and would they go well with this shirt I just took a picture of?
Could you please tell me what kind of pasta or whatever it is that's in this box?
What is it please?
Is this black or white thread?
Can you get me the serial number of this device?
Can you tell me what this is please?
What spray bottle is this?
Can anyone tell me what's actually on the screen of the laptop?
Is it a bag?
Can you tell what this button is now that my finger maybe isn't covering it?
What is this can in my left?
Don't know how this works or what i'm doing.
Can you tell me what this can is, please? Thank you.
What does this box look like?
wonder if this picture is going to be where you can see it or not, but I'm trying to see if this is a bottle of ketchup. If you could tell me that, I would appreciate it. Again, I apologize if you can't see the picture.
what ointment is in this bottle thank you.
Is this the apple cinnamon brown sugar and maple instant oatmeal?
What does the label say for this cheese?
Can you tell me the sodium content of this food?
Hi, could you please tell me what color these shoes are, please?
What does this capture?
Can you tell me what c.d. number this is? There is fifteen Cd's I think this is the second of 15. Thank you very much.
Hi can you tell me what these coffee cartridges are? Whether they are cappuccino or latte or something? Thank you.
What picture is this?
I need to know what kind of pills these are?
What color is this tee shirt and what is on it?
Is this a mobile?
Yes I need to determine the labels of the following three buttons on this machine from left to right. Thank you.
Is this a 20 dollar bill?
I know this is some kind of food. I just want to know what flavor is it, or what kind?
Can you tell me the directions?
What this is because I think it's coffee but I can't tell. It feels like coffee from the shape of the jar.
Tell me, how big is it?
Can anybody tell me what this is or how old it is?
What does this tshirt say?
I'm using this new app, trying out this new service.  I think it's going be great deal to me, a great help for me.  What you be able to tell me what kind of bottle this is? Not sure
Okay this is my last try with this. Could you please tell me what the color of this outfit is, that she's wearing?
What color are the letters?
Can you tell me what is on the front of that shirt?
What are the instructions on this package?
can you tell me what the screen says?
what do the buttons say?
Product key for this versions off
Is this a cola?
What is the name of the object in the picture?
Hello there. What's written on that computer screen please? Thank you again.
I'm not sure if I got this right, but I tried. I know it's a pot pie but Im not sure what kind. Can you tell me?
What page number's visible? Thank you.
Could you tell me what this product is? Thank you.
Is this butter salted or unsalted?
What is this flavor?
What bug is this?
I know I can't record very well but could you tell me if you can figure it out what kind of beer this is? Thank you,
what is in this card and this red separate upside down thank you.
What is this tea?
I'm wondering what this box is?
Can you tell what that tv dinner is?
Can you tell me what this product is please?
I don't know what, I know this is a package of tights, but I do not know what color they is, are they blue or black?
what's this?
What is the name of this body spray
What kind of buns are these?
Does this shirt say?
What does the monitor say?
What is this instrument?
Can you tell me what this says or if there are any pictures on it?
How can I calculate ? configuration?
Is the $5 bill on the right or the left?
What are the answers?
Can you please tell me what stripes are on this shirt?
Sorry, Bizwiz crashed on me, can you tell me if you see any error messages on the screen? The computer doesn't want to boot up and I don't know why. Thank you.
which color?
Is this decaf or regular coffee?  Thank you.
What make and flavor coffee is this, please?
What's in this box? Thank you.
I'm starting to see some more vital uses of iPhone would be for me.
Is the name of this supplement showing? and what is it?
Just wondering what this is?
Is that a beer or a coke?
Is this rice instant or is it regular?
does this jewelry match this outfit
What type of bottle is this, the brand?
Which one of these cards is my slate card?
What is the FCC ID of this wireless deck.
What is this box?
Which book is the piano book? The one on the left or the right?
Can you tell me the model number on this filter?
How many blades does my ceiling fan have?
What's the color of the tee shirt?
Is this flip flop black?
Could you please tell me if this is a good picture of the tv stand?
Can you please describe this card and it's orientation? Thank you.
What number is this?
What is on this calendar?
Is it made in china?
can you tell me what this beer is?
Is anyone sitting in front of me?
what is the style and color of this garment?
Read the name off the blur decks.
What flavor of Kool Aid is this/
what kind of filter is this?
What is the currency of this?
What time is it on my set top box--on my silver thing?
What color is this USB flash drive?
What is this and how old is it?
Could you tell me what this, tell me what this is, please?
Please describe the shirt.
What is this a bottle of? Thanks.
Can you tell me what kind of eyedrop this is? The name brand? And where can I find it? Please?
What is that label please?
Is in this image?
Can you read the temperature of this thermostat?
Please tell me what is on the screen
Can you tell me what this item is? Thank you so much for all your help, I appreciate it.
Answer these questions.
May I have the cookie instructions?
Can you tell me the cooking directions for these egg rolls?
Hi, can you please tell me what color that is?
What colors are in this purse?
This is a box.
This surface look clean?  Thank you.
Does this have a brand name?
What color does this wine have?
Any clouds in the sky?
Are there any red lines or scripts anything on the screen?
Can you tell what's in this tin?
Specifically, what name is highlighted on the screen?  Thank you.
Is this a plain white T-shirt?
Could you tell if this is hamburger meat or sausage please?
whats in this bag
ISD confirmed February 8th and 9th. Does that work for you guys?
Can you read the bottle on the screen?
What color is the jacket?
How clean does this look? Thank you.
What is this paper?
What flavor of Kool Aid is this?
Is this shower gel or shampoo please.
What can you see on this TV screen?
Yes, I need to determine the blue RX number on this bottle of medication.  Thank you.  The six digit number.  Thank you.
I would like to know what the medication label is on this bottle is and what dosage it is on the bottle. Thank you.
is this unsweetened or sweetened chocolate?
Can you identify this beyond telling me that it is Arizona tea? Because, they've got about a million different flavors and some people don't seem to realize that. Either that or I've got the labels facing the wrong way. Thanks.
Would you say this room is illuminated?
Read this catalog.
What's the word in the captcha?
Which remote is black please?
can you tell me anything about this words, pictures etc?
I need a description of the layout of the program. I know there's a document list. I know there's some status bars. But I need to know --
Does it look like a storm is coming in?
Tell me, what's this thing?
Is this shampoo, conditioner, or lotion?
is this a fan, and what color is it?
Okay.  I am testing my camera skills you guys. Go ahead and tell me how good I did.
A picture of?
What color is the curtains?
What's in this photo?
What is the hours on this download
Speaker:  Can you please tell me the title of this book?  Thank you.
how many lights are visible?
Is on this television screen.
What's the name of the cd?
What is this screen showing?
I'm trying to identify this paper.  I wonder if the text is visible.
Where is this play?
What's the use by date?
Could you tell me what is in this can, please?
Tell me what this says.
Business card.
Has this oven gotten up to four hundred fifty degrees Fahrenheit yet?
What is the name of this product? Thank you.
Is this black or blue?
What is in this box please?
What is the captcha?
Do I have all my toes still?
Where is my laptop?
I know this is keurig coffee and I know it's Wolfgang what flavor is it? Is it Breakfast in Bed or Caramel Cream? Thank you.
what is the date on this magazine?
Could you tell me what color this crotchet piece of yarn is?
I can't tell what it is that I'm holding.
Can you tell me what these templates are?
What are the letters that I need to type in to win?
How would you describe this picture, please? How does the car look? Thank you.
What is that thing?
Can you tell me if this is lotion or shower gel?
One is this.
Speaker: What does this label say?
I wanna know what the cooking instructions for this packet are
what kind of product is this?
What kind of pizza rolls are these? I hope this picture works again.
What's the flavor of this coffee?
Can you tell me the name of that CD please?
Which building is that?
This is right.
What is it? Maybe it's not ready to go.  Trying to get this to work. What?  Oh the thing?  Yeah.
What is the amount of this money and from which country?
What C.D. is this?
What brand of speakers have I got?
this is a picture of a home i'm planning to buy, does it look like its in a safe neighborhood?
The hell do I cook this in the microwave?
Hi, are all three of these ones...one dollar bills? Thank you.
How long do I have to leave this in the oven for?
What is this photograph of, please?
What is the flavor of this chobani yogurt? Chobani is the brand not the flavor.
What is the color of this clothes?
Is this clean?
Can you please describe this card to me? Thank you
Is this regular or caffeine free?
what does this box say?
How many calories are in potato chips?
Could you please tell me the name of this book?
Is it the books?
What is the picture on this t-shirt?
I think this is a keyboard.  What color are the keys?
Can tell me what this is and
Can you tell what suit size, give me the top and bottom
What color is this bottle?
What color is this folded shed?
What is this app all about, we need to find out right now.
What is this in this package?
What kind of soda is this?
Can you give me directions for this product?
Who is this?
Which one of these is hot chocolate? The one on the left or the one on the right? The one in the plastic or the one in the other package? And if not, what are they?
can you please tell me what this item is in this can please? you guys do a great job
What does this box contain?
Can you tell me what this says on this box?
How long is this?
What are these canned goods?
What's the title of this book? Thank you.
What's on screen
Is this lemon juice bad?  Yeah, but I don't know how else to do it.
What kind of soda is this please?
How many calories in this bottle?
Can someone tell me what the date is?
read everything on this button, please read everything
What temperature is displayed on the thermostat?
Box flower remedy is this
Can you tell me what time it is on that clock?
This is the display of a treadmill.  Can you tell me the distance in miles please?
What motive is on this t-shirt?
About twenty minutes to do this.
What restaurant?
what's is this item?
What flavor of iced tea is this?
Which can should I eat for lunch?
Is this stale or sparkling water?
Is this showing anything different? do you see anything on the screen that tells me i have to do anything?
Can you please read this menu to me.
what type of tea is this?
How much does this cost? I appreciate your help, thank you.
Okay, how do I turn that thing off?
What type of tobacco is this?
What is my color of what is color of my shirt?
What is this and what color is it? Thank you, I really appreciate what you do.
How often can I take this medicine?
What is in this big round jar?
What type of cheese is this? Thank you.
Which ocean has the most hurricanes in the world?
Good morning. Is this necklace gold or silver? Thank you for your thought.
What does the back of this bottle of deodorant?
How can I work it?  How can I work it?
Can you tell me what my weight is please?
What vegetables are these? Thank you.
Hi, what does the logo say?
Contents of can?
What device does this adapter go to?
What shop is this bag?
That's okay, let's try again, I turned it over the first way this time.  Thanks again.
What is the denomination of this bill?
What type of tool is this?
What color is this shirt, and does it have a pattern?
Who created this statue?
Can you please tell me what the captcha says?
What flavor of Progresso Soup is this?
What color on left?
Is there a progress bar visible?
Is this 7up?
Can you read the bottle now or I'm not sure where to put the camera. I'm trying to find out what medicine it is and if it says anything.
Can you please read to me or tell me the instructions on this shampoo bottle?
What size of cereal is this box.
What book is this, thank you.
What flavor is this Yoghurt
Whar color is this shirt?
i found another spice that i can't recognize whats the name of this one thanks
can you tell me what screen is this?
What is the name of the cologne that I took a picture of?
What does the label on this say?
Can you please tell me what this item is? Thank you.
Can you tell me what size these are, I think they're 36x32s thank you.
Can you tell me what this box says?
What's this guy look like in the photograph?
what color are these?
Heads or tails?
What flavor rum is this?
What kind of laptop is that?
Which flavor is this?
is there a chess piece in this picture if so where
Is it plain in color? No logo?
What color is this mouse?
What do you mean, room? That wasn't my question.
Can you tell me what is in this box?
Is it a table?
Could you read the writing that's on this tag please? Thank you.
Do you tell me what kind of car this is?
Is this water boiling?
What is visible on the screen?
What are scissors?
What's the name of this package of chocolate?
Could you tell me if I need to hit enter or can you actually tell if I need to do something else?
Is this shirt a lavender shirt?
Is there a chess piece here?
What is the price?
What are the two packages on the left and then on the right?
Give me cheat code, please.
What's this? Can you describe?
What kind of Gameboy is this?
what color is that?
How the hell do i know? Dont send me stupid shit like that?
What name is on this card?
Is this body wash or lotion?
What is the captcha code on this screenshot?
Is this city better? Can you tell what the calories are?
testing, testing
What's the number?
Which word describes how sediment or
what is in this bottle please?
Hopefully I'm one step closer, what do I gotta press now?
What this
Hello could you please tell me what color that is?
what kind of pop is this can?
is this?
I'm not sure if this is, but I'd like to know what color this string of beads is.
What is the name of the product in the picture?
Explain how you can determine the concentration of a solution experimentally using cells.
How much this?
Hello, would you please so kind to tell me what's on that photo?
This is laptop?
Yes, this is a corporate website that is Flash-based and not accessible. I need to know the type of business this company is in, its information, and company history. Thank you.
Can you tell me what kind of dog this is?
In the last picture I sent, what color pants would you wear with this?
What temperature is this blade on this control?
What is in this medicine bottle?
What color and design is this pillow?
>Where is this a gift card from?
How much sodium does this have?
What is on the shelves?
Whats this barcode say?
Do these shorts and this shirt match?  Thank you.
Is the bracelet pink and white, or black and white?
Please say what this is.
What's the sky look like in this picture
Can you please provide cooking instructions for apple pie, cause I am starving
can you please describe this shirt
What's the phone number for this company?
What is on this table?
What is the mode set to on this air conditioner?
What does this text say
How many pink candles are in the picture?
What is this frozen dinner and what are the conventional oven instructions time and length of time? Thank you very much.
Can you please tell me my current oven temperature? Thank you.
Hello, I am blind. Which button is white and says system on/off, please? And thank you.
What kind of cup a noodle is this?
What medicine is this?
Which date?
What is this? Please read.
What's the title of this audio book?
What colors are in this dress?
Please tell me whatever text is on screen, as much as you can find out.
I wonder if you can see anything on this computer screen? I am blind, and all I know is my computer is not starting. It's fun, except not.
What is this? Take a picture of something it'll tell you what it is.
This is the display of the treadmill, can you tell me the distance in miles please?
Do you know how to cook these?
Could you please tell me what the consignment number on this card is. I need it for... thanks
What scent is this deodorant.
Can you please read these buttons to me? Thank you.
is my light on? and what color is my lampshade?
Which game is this?
What's the capture words?
What color is the egg?
What brand is it from?
What's the content of this package?
What box am I looking at, as in what does the box contain?
i dont know if this will work but will you read the washing directions for this t-shirt?
What color is this shirt?  Thank you.
Hi, hopefully this is a better picture and right way up. Can you please tell me what the cooking instructions are?
Is it off or on?
What is the expiration date? What is the expiration date?
What is the tag number?
not sure what this is either
Come on, you guys, please tell me what's on my screen?
Is there anything on this tv screen?
I have a bracelet here on the counter and I've tried to take a picture of it. I need to know whether it's gold or silver. Thank you.
I'm sitting at a table and there's a Christmas ornament, do you know if it's an angel or can you tell me what the ornament is?
What is name of the product?
What knot is this
What flavor of soup is this?
Hey hey hey you know what you can start taking pictures of women as you walk by and say How good looking is this?
How long will this dog live?
What is the color of the pants?  What color are these pants?
Can you please tell me what kind of girl scout cookies these are? Thank you.
What, what is this?
What is this spice?
Can you tell me what kind of CoffeeMate this is?
What flavor of dog food is this please?
What's the name of this CD.
Hi, can you tell me what this packet is? Thank you.
Can you tell me what this knob is on?
What color are them dogs?
What is the expiry date on this cheese?
What's the logo on this t-shirt?
Excuse me.
What type of hot pockets are these?
What flavor and brand of k cup is this, please? Thank you.
What kind of mug is this?
The ravioli.
What are the instructions for this food item?
What color is this rose leaf?
The resell of calculation
what's on this page?
how many
What is written on the juice?
What does this computer screen say?  I'm trying to log in and I have no speech.
What's this screen show?
Can you read this package label or tell me the cooking instructions?
Can you read this label on this meat package for me, to let me know what it is? Thank you.
What design and colors are in this item?
What is the name on this bottle?
Is it book?
An atom of which of these elements most likely forms an ion? Al, Br, Ca or Mg?
What is the voltage of this adapter?
Can you tell me what the phone screen says, if anything?
Can you please tell me what type of spice this is?
What is the item name? Thank you.
Do you see any kind of an ID number on this photo that starts with a four?
Which character is this?
What is this kind?
OK, can you see windows on there at all?
Looking for the brand name.
Ok I know this is Quaker and I know it's delicious but I'm curious is this the apple cinnamon or the maple brown syrup cause I'm trying to fix breakfast for guests we have over.
Can you tell me what is in the can please?
Is the gas on?
Can you tell if this is step two or step three? Thank you
Can you please identify this herb?
What catalog is this?
What does the display say?
What is seen on the laptop screen?
Can you see the flavor on any of these? There all the same, so if you know one, you know them all.
What is the design on this gift bag?
What does this knob say?
How could you tell?
What's the name of the phone and the model?
What does this screen say on the laptop?
Can you please tell me what this is a package of? Thank you.
What is printed on this glass?
What does this one say?
What color is this suitcase?
What is the picture of in the frame?
what color is that, please?
what is this i am holding?
Say the question. What is this container? Good.
Does this say anything?
What kind of dog was that?
This is number six. So cool.
What's on TV at the moment?
Is my light on? I have one other questions: How many web workers are there right now? I'm just curious.
Is this a diet mountain dew voltage?
this is a different bottle is this apple cider vinegar or white vinegar
What object is this and what color is it?
Is this clean? Thank you.
What are the cooking instructions for this product?
What is the time shown on the screen?
Is this a weed or a decorative plant? And if a plant, what kind?
What's the color of this jacket. Thanks.
How much time is left on the timer?
What page number is displayed on here. Thank you.
How many more bowel movements will I be able to clean up with this roll of toilet paper?
Can you please tell me the name of this product?
How many calories is in this?
what kind of phone is that?
What is this bottle and what's the dosage if you can see it?  Thank you.
Yes please, dvd.
What color is this man's pants.
Hey could you tell me what kind of bottle this is?
What kind of K-cups are these?
What color is the mouse?
Can you tell me what this medicine is, please?
What is the password written on this label? It is between parentheses.
Can you please describe the process of when you receive a picture?  What do you do?
What is this TV dinner?
Where is my night gown?
Can you tell me what this frozen dinner is and how many minutes in a conventional oven it takes and at what temperature? Thank you very much.
What color is this nail polish?
Why I can't hear any sound?
What is this item, or seasoning?
Is it a telephone?
So what do I look at you?
What album is this?
What is this? They have...
What's the general topics of these books? Thank you
What kind of fish is this?
Hi, I'm trying to get this thing to run.  Can you help me out a bit?  Maybe if you could tell me what any of the buttons are labeled or if there's something on the display you could make out?  Anything, thanks.
Can you describe this shirt?
Is this inhaler blue or yellow?
Whats it say on the label?
Who is this actor?
What is this fox?
What is my ex's number?
Could you tell me the expiration date on this can?  And if you can't read it, could you tell me how to point my camera so you can read it?
Can you tell me the serial number on this mouse? Thanks.
Kind of bug is this?
Please read the label on this. Thank you.
If this is an image from Google street view, I need a description. I need as much detail as possible, as I'd like to see if it's possible for me to use this to locate bus stops.
What are the colors on this shirt?
Can you please tell me who this business card is from?
Will you please read the temperature on this thermostat? Thank you.
what color are these trousers?
What flavor coffee is this please?
Can you describe what you see on the screen? Hopefully it's some sort of a menu. I'm trying to boot from a usb flash drive, or maybe it'll say removable media, something like that. Maybe, maybe tell me what
Which button is the off button?
Is this a Microsoft mouse?
What color is this rope?
What is the phone number on the printer?
Just testing this to see if it will figure out what the picture is.
It's a bin?
Can you tell me the sodium content level of this box of food?
What is the item in the box in the picture?
Are you able to see what flavor this is and the scent?
Where is this item?
Can you tell me what the name of that album is, please? Thank you.
What is this? Please tell me.
What color sheet is this?
What is the label on this bottle say?
What's the name of this snack?
Will allegra give me the farts?
Which Hamlet member is in this play?
I have one more question about the same image which is. Do you see something that says removable drive or USB drive or something like that. If you do, what position
Tell me what this bottle say, please. I don't know what it say. Please help me, please.
What do you on this sandwich?
Can you read any of the text on the bottle to tell me what it is? Thank you.
What type of car is this?
Can you tell what make of a hair dryer this is?
What type of icing is this?
How many ounces are in this hand?
what is in this box, tv dinner, box tv dinner
What do you see here in this picture? Thank you.
What is the expire date on this yogurt?
What flavor of rice is this?
What's this box?
What is the color of these jeans? Thank you.
what was it written the paper?
Will you tell me what's on this paper.
What's my finger pointing to? What's that?
In this can.
Can you tell me what color is the shirt? Please.
On the screen please.
can you tell me what flavor this coffee is? please thank you.
What is this flight on this computer screen?
What kind of dinner is this? TV Dinner, Stouffers, I know it's probably Stouffers but what flavor? Thanks
I'm trying to, which is on the left, which is on the right, I'm looking for audio book. I'm new to this wiz wiz thing so... Sorry.
That's weird, because I keep hearing like a squeak, so I mean I didn't know maybe if it was a mouse or what it might be.
Is my computer screen lit up?
Please tell me if there is a product name on this cord?
All right. Take three, looking at the back side, looking for the expiration date.
what type of pills are these?
How much money is on the table?
What is the name of this club?
Can you tell me what number this is?
Can you tell me what this message says on my computer screen?
Good morning, can you please let me know if there is an error message on the little lcd screen? Thank you.
What is this plate question?
Name, maker and price of this wall flower vase.
What's the side effects on this medicine bottle?
Read this perfume bottle and please tell me what it says.
What flavor rice-a-roni is this?
What can is this? What's in this can? Sorry.
What's the expiration date on this soup?
How money?
What kind of soda is this
What does this radio say?
What is the writing on the screen?
What flavor of mini doughnuts are these?
What it is set to?
What kind of computer is on this photo?
Can you tell me what kind of can this is?  Please. What's the name of the can?
This hurt?
What kind of stone is this on this ring?
What is this small bottle?
I want to find out how many watts and how old this amplifier is.
Does this box say breakfast blend or donut shop?
What's in the picture I just take
What brand of hand sanitizer is this?
What can you see here?
What does this sticker say? Thank you.
What kind of noodles are these?
What is the brand of this case?
Who is that on the wall?
What page number is this? Thank you.
what is my time distance and calories burned on my treadmill?
Do you see any writin' on this tag?
What is this type of paraflu?
Ok, what is this picture of?
I've got two kinds of cheese, american and cheddar, which one is this?
This is a little booklet from Avon. Can you tell me what is on the first page because I want to order some jewelry.
Record. Identify this item and describe it in as much detail as possible, if you can see it.
I turned the box to the next side. Can you tell me what type of vitamin pill this is? Thank you.
Where is this?
I know this is keurig coffee. Can you tell me what kind it is, please? Thank you.
Can you tell me the verification code?
What does this photo say?
What dessert is this?
Please record the text on this side of the box.
What is the title for this audio book?
What is on my table?
What's the name of these tablets?
What much is it?
What is this an image of?
Right, this is a card. If you can tell me the picture on it, that would be very useful. Look forward to hearing from you.
can you please describe what's on this screen to me? thank you
What kind of cream cheese is this?
Please tell me any visible text on this screen.
What kind of TV Dinner is this? Thank you!
What design is that?
Alright this is a closer picture. Can you see the flavor on at
Ok how about now?
Hi what is this?
What color is the pillow case?
What flavor soup is this?
What is the temperature shown on the thermostat?
What size does the tag say the pants are?
Wondering if you can read this card number?
Is this right side up, or right side down?  Thank you.
What does this lid say?
Was ist das?
Please describe the scene in this photograph
Is this my starting fluid?
What kind of taquitos are these?
How many ounces is this can?
How do you prepare this cake?
Okay, how's that?
Record. What is this? Say what is this. What is this? Double tap it.
What text and picture is on the bottle?
I want to know if this shirt will go with the second picture I send with this skirt?
this package?
what is on the floor
what's that?
What is happening on this screen? This is a screenshot from a locked up computer.
Hi, in the upper left corner of this page is a captcha. I hope you can read it. Thank you.
There's dial that in the, should be in the middle of the picture and there's a light that goes around on the little screen and it should be next to one of the settings on the left.
What color is my finger touching?
What do you think about this shirt and jeans? Does it fit each other?
What's the breed of my dog?
I think the chess piece might be on the floor. Can you look?
Hi, what kind of drink is this?
What color is this band?
What biscuits are these
what is on this page?
Are the instructions for the oven on this product?
>What color are my pants?
Hello, could you please tell what caller this is?
Hello, I am told this is a light, and I can touch the top of it, it's warm, but I can't tell if it's bright, if it's the bright.
Is this a Reese candy bar?
What color wire was I holding, please?
What kind of ointment is in this tube?
What color are these shorts please?
It has any writing on it.  Is there an exploration date?
What's on this bottle please?
This is a computer.
Does this say Campbell's Roadhouse Chunky Chili?
What is that object?
What color is the shirt I'm wearing?
What is the item number?
Thank you for your help.
What is it that I'm looking at?
This is.
What is showing now on the computer screen is it waiting for me to do something if so what should I do?
What brand of computer is this?
Tell me, what is this color?
Are these gourmet franks or polish sausages?
Who is on this poster?
Does this photo go with these
What does that bottle head say?
What page number is this, and is the text inverted? Thank you.
Can you tell me the eq number? Thank you
What's the temperature displayed on this thermostat? Thank you.
What flavor is this noodles?
What color is the drink in my cup?
You guys are awesome. What is this can?
How big is this monitor?
What kind of bath salt is this?
What's your favorite flavor of bubblegum?
Please type the information.
Looking for any error messages on the screen? My computer doesn't want to boot up and I don't know what the error message is. I turned off the light. Maybe that will help. Thank you.
What brand pocket knife is this?
What type of pizza is this?
Is this still white gold?
Kind of dinner is this?
What is this dough?
what is this cup?
What does this say? Wait, wait, wait, wait. Yeah, what does this say?
What's the name of this flash drive? And, also, there's a bug. Because when I want to send to IQ or send, the, it comes through my earphones
What am I holding?
What color is this camisole?
what picture is this?
What kind of strings is these, thanks!
What's the logo on this shirt please?
What's in this picture I just took?
What color is this pair of pants?
I need to identify the kind of form I have here. Can you provide me with just a few words that you can read on this piece of paper? Thank you.
What does the text at the top of this screen say?
What is the model information on this box?
What is the pattern on this pillow?
What color is the shark?
What temperature is this cooked at?
What is the theme?
what is the picture on this sweatshirt?
Here's another picture of the pregnancy test is it positive or negative?
How many countries are in the world?
Can you see what type of foil this is?
The jacket.
What is the yellow dot on for a setting?
Alright take a look at the remote, try to find the source or the input button and try to describe it in relation to other buttons so I can figure it out, thank you.
How much popcorn is in this box?
What's on this bottle?
What is on my laptop screen?
Can you tell me what these sweets are please?
What's on this t shirt, please?
Okay, I seem to be having trouble guessing the cooking instructions of this for grilling, so I'll try one more time.  I need the cooking for grilling off this burger package.  I'll turn them over if you can't see them.  Thank you.
What is the place? No, just what is it. What is it?
I would like to know what is outside this window, and if there are any house windows.
What kind of seed is this?
What sort of cleaner is this?
Is this a chocolate or apple pie?
What type of pills are in this bottle
What kind of cup of noodles is this?
So, how long do I cook this in the microwave?
Can this sweater work with business attire as well as with a more casual outfit?
which one of these is the granulated sugar?  The one on the left or the one on the right?
Can you tell me what the thermostat temperature is set on, please?
When does this bus pass expire?  Oh, thank you.
I think I turned on a light. What temperature is the oven set at?
What does the text on this say?
Can you please describe this t-shirt to me?
What's this please?
On the screen.
What color is the shower curtain?
I am looking for a swing. I believe I am in the right area. It is on a wood frame and is made completely out of wood.
Can you describe the photo which is displayed on this computer screen?
What does it show on the screen, and also what type of phone is this?
Where is my black braille book and is this the flowered blanket you're talking about?
What product is this please and thankyou?
My router...the front lights.
What is the name of this product?
What kind of soda is in that can?
What is the number on the back of this card?
What color is this pillow case?
What color is this table?
What is on that sheet of paper, thank you?
What is this a picture of? What is this a picture of - a guy with a cane in his hand.
Can you tell which scent of gain detergent this is?
What is the conventional oven instructions, temperature and number of minutes, for this frozen dinner? Thank you very much.
Since these answers are being sent by push notifications I accidentally lost the last answer I got, is there any way to get them back?
What color is this shirt and what is the logo on it?
can you please tell me what kind of coffee this is?
What is this, and what color is it, and what does it say on the top? That is my question, thank you.
how old is this camera?
what kind of meat is this?
The dishwasher dial is pointing toward what cycle now?  Thank you.
what kind of rock or mineral is this here
Can you see the brown
Is there anything on my coat like a stain? Question mark.
Now can you see anything on the screen, if there's an error or anything?
What kind of flour is this? All purpose or self rising?
Does this thing still work?
This is probably going to be a long shot in the dark, but I'm trying to fill out a form which requires a captcha, to be solved, and if someone could tell me what the code is, I'd be extremely grateful, thank you.
Would you mind identifying this box please?
can you read this label
What's this chairs color?
How many ..
What color is the keyboard?
What kind of potatoes are these? Thank you.
Can you please describe the pattern of this fabric?
Where did this come from?
What's this juice?
What flavor of Marie Callender's dinner is this?
Can you please tell me if it's charging?  I adjusted the camera, the other picture was blurry.  And I may have to take a second picture so we can tell if there's any changes, I guess when I unplug it, but... Anyway, thank you so much and let me know what...
What is the brand name on this shoe?  Thank you.
Can you read the menu please?
Can you tell who this letter is from?
>What color is this product?
What does this picture show?
Okay, is the picture good enough to see now or do I need to take the phone further from the screen or get it closer? And if it is good, what does the text say?
What kind of a dog is this?
Is my light on? I have one other question. Do people really answer questions and look at pictures in the middle of the night?
What model is it?
What is this label saying?
Can you tell me anymore information about this whiskey please?
What's in this bag?
What is displayed on my screen?
Can you tell who put this one out?
what flavor is this
Is this espresso regular or decaf?
What does this label on this pill bottle say?
Okay, I think I have got the instructions right side up. There was actually a telephone call right when I read the message, and I believe I turned the box over. So I need to know what the conventional oven setting temperature is and...
What was this ---
What does this note say, if visible?
Can you tell me about the microwave screen?
What color and kind is my floor?
Can you tell me what's the color please?
What color is this diamond please?
What is the color of the handle of this bag? What is the luggage tag?
Does this appear to be going bad?
Can you tell me what the setting is on?
How much is it?
What's this picture about?
Can you tell if this is clear or what the instructions are on it?
Please identify this item for me.  Thank you.
Just checking what this is.
Can you tell me what type of pill these are please. If its tylenol, advil, or ibprofen, something like that.
What type of floor covering?
Can you tell me how to make this dish?
Is there soup in this tin, and if yes, what type is it? Thank you in advance.
What about the color cloth. Tell me about the color cloth.
What are in the gallon jugs that are visible on the top shelf?
record what color is this yarn please
Hi, please tell me what is showing in the message on my computer screen. Thank you.
What is in the little bottle that is standing on the table? If you can not see, please explain how to fix the picture.
I need to know what is written on the screen. I have been installing windows and it should be half approximately the formatting process. I need to have
I bought this keyboard for $500 and I wanted to know if it was white, because the seller told me that it was white.
Is this, is this light old? Thank you.
What is this and what do you use it for?
In the picture there is a container of body scrub, what is the flavor?
What type of champagne is that?
What about the signery?
What is in this TV Dinner?
Read the name
How many shelves do I have and what is on them?
Please tell me what you can see. Can you also see what is in this bottle? Thank you.
How many keys in from the left is the number one key on the top row of keys?
What is the name of this building?
I know that things might be moving in the picture but what do you see?
what is the expiry date on this yogurt?
What color is this bag? It takes a little while. Well, because I just asked it what color.
Is there anything on the screen, something about start up?
What is in the picture?
Can you read the prescription name on this bottle? Thank you.
Yeah, hi.  I wanted to know what the barcode on this external hard drive is?
What does it say on the paper?
Y or P?
Is that raspberry ketones?
What part of the set up is this at? Is it at the login screen or the set up wizard? Thank you.
What color is this t-shirt?
what scent is this bar
Is it possible this skirt could be black instead of grey? I held the camera farther away. Thank you.
You tell me what this is.
Sorry, I kind of stammer sometimes. What I was asking was, so basically, when you take a picture of something that has like glass in front of it or whatever, is the picture always going to be blurred? Or, can you explain that?
Can you tell me what this box says? I hope it's not too dark. Thank you.
What is the flavor for this curry cup?
What color is this shirt? thank you.
What kind of wine does this look like?
What am I eating?
What store is this?
I just took a picture of a strand of pearls laying on my hand. Can you tell me what color the pearls are please? Thank you.
It's the thermostat temperature
This say?  What?  What the hell?
How does this work?
Could you tell me what kind of pudding this is please? Thank you.
Can you please tell me what's in this computer?
What does the screen show?
what is this pitting?
Is this any better?
Please tell me what kind of paint this is? For primer?
What is the captcha in this image?
Can you read me the gift code on this card?
I think this is peach, but does it say if it is sweet or made with Splenda?
What's on the front of this tshirt?
What denomination bill is this?
Contents please.
What's the name of the flower?
What cookies are these?
What kind of cream is this?
When does this task expire?
Can you tell me what this can is please? Thank you.
Alright then. I was just wondering if someone could describe this picture to me please. Thank you.
Wait can is this?
What flavor of Starbucks coffee is this please?
What is in this thing?
what is the logo on this shirt?
hi this is supposed to be either a beet or a rutabaga do you have any idea which one it might be? thanks.
Yes I need to determine the labels of the buttons on this fax machine from left to right. Thank you.
When was this Micky Mouse clock made and where? And how much is it worth?
Does the screen say anything, show any text or color at all?
What is the name, brand name, and flavor of this?
What does this receipt say.
Can you please tell me in detail what's on this computer screen? Thank you very much.
What kind of ramen noodles are these?
What does the back of this card say
Please read this note to me. Thank you.
How do I take care of this animal?
What kind of gift card is this?
what color?
What is the brand name of this chocolate bar?
What are the directions for this meal?
Is the room light on?
Hi, I'm going to start over. This is the place mat that are related to the napkins. First, I need to know if the stripes are vertical or horizontal.
What stage is this computer in?  Is it restarting still or is it trying to sort out the hard drive and scan disk or is it fully booted up and on the desktop?
Is it dark in here?
What is the best cellphone?
Can you tell me what's on my computer screen? Is this the log-on screen? Or the desktop?
What is this cereal?
What is that? Or what is this?
Can you see the result of this test stick? Should be a smiley or a circle.
Okay. I moved the camera back. See if that works. Thanks.
Can you see the screen?
Is that for boiling water?
What is the card number on the Starbucks card?
Can you tell if this soup? Broccoli and cheese?
I got a message back just saying hmm is this for the research studies does that mean that i am in now? This is for the VizWiz clothing pilot study
Can you tell me please which one, what package is caffeinated, which ones are decaffeinated?
Does it not say on the box what it is inside?
What is this pattern?
is this Iphone
What's this? Please tell me.
what does the screen say?
What color are the pants I'm wearing? And do they appear that they would stain easily?
What are the functions
Are you able to see what flavor this is?
Is this caffeinated or decaffeinated?
Can you tell me what product this is please?
Say what this is.
What's the name of this AVON perfume?
What is the brand of progresso soup in the can?
who is the manufacturer of this backpack bag?
Ty, can you see what flavor crisps these are please?
I hope you can tell me what this box is; what's in it. I know it has something to do with a radiator or coil. Tell me what the box says.
What is the title of this disc, disregard all boxes that might contain DVDs around it
Can you please describe this card and its orientation?  Thank you.
How many steps are there?
I pushed the finish button, or at least pressed enter, but nothing seems to be happening.  What does the computer want me to do now?
What is this? All my friends are laughing.
What color is this top?
What's inside that box?
trying to get a better image of this, so if you can tell me what it looks like, that'd be great, or how to adjust adjust the angle. thanks.
Tell me what this says, please.
Type of pot is this?
What does the coffee cup say?
Where is this wine coming from?
Do these two pieces of clothing go together?
I have 2 containers of balm cream.  I need to know if this is the one that has the word balm on it. B A L M. Thank you very much.
Color.  Color.  Color.  Color.  It's not a striped bed sheet, I don't care that it has a design.  Color.  Color.  If you're not
Can you give me the amount on the card or do I need to turn it over?
Please can you tell me what it says on this bottle?
What flavor of Pringles is this?
Okay. Oh, okay, thanks. Actually, wait, bring them here a second.
What is this, in this can?
Tell me what's in this photo.
What is the picture look like?
what kind of flowers are these
What is the number on this gauge? Thank you.
Can you see the label on this perfume bottle?
I want to know if this is coca cola or pepsi
Is there a serial number on this passport?
What kind of dollar bill is this?
Describe what you are looking at.
Do you see an id number with a 4 in it here?
Is this regular mountain dew or diet?
whats the name of the phone and the model?
What kind of flour is it?
I don't have a password here
What color is this pant?
What is the room temperature?
Okay, let's give this a try and tell me if this works by chance.  I've tried a different camera angle using take a picture in landscape mode. If you can see an ID number with a 4
What can you see?
Can you please tell me what eye drop this is?
Who is this letter from?
Tell her this box is.
What flavor of K-Cups are in this box?
Which kind of wine is this?
did it...does it look like it's going to storm?
What kind of food is this? Thank you.
What fiber shake and bake is this?
This is 7-up?
How much work there is required?
What color are these balls?
What type of drink is this?
I know this is a shoe can you tell what color it is please? thank you
What is the charge on this iPod?
Did you see what's in this can?
What color is my hair?
What kind of milk is it?
Who's logo is this?
Is this diet Pepsi, regular, or caffeine free?
What color am I wearin?
The orca serial number off of this card and I can adjust it if you need me to. Tell me which way to move it.
Could you tell me what movie this is? And if you can not, could you tell me what I have to do in order for you to see it please?
Are you able to tell if there is any mold on the bread?
What brand and kind of wieners are these?
Can you see the serial number which is 8 characters, 8 or 9 characters with letter and numbers written, printed on the back of this Dell laptop?
Which one is the reset button?
What color is this sandal, please?
Is this card readable now?
Can you tell what's in this can?
Sorry, this is my first time using this. What are the microwave instructions for this product?
What colors is my iPad?
What kind of Sam Adam's is this?
Please identify this ready meal package
What is in this package, what kind of cake mix?
How many beer cans are in the case?
Okay let's try this again. I need to know what vitamins these are. Thanks.
Where is the power button located on this remote?
Are the Christmas tree light on?
How big is the YW?
is this shampoo?
What is the design on this Oreo mug?
Do you know what time it is?
How many towels are on the shelf and what color are they?
Can you tell me what this paper says?  Please.
Is, is the light on?
Which flavor is this oatmeal, cause I bought two different flavors?
Does this jewelry and this outfit match well together?
Could you read the text on this label please?
What color is this shirt, please?
Tech people between Google, Yahoo and the people at Bing.  And all of those IT workers have agreed that when they get these pictures while their doing their tech work, they'll just take a quick look at the picture and then send back.
Can anybody tell me about this doll?  It's 4 inches tall.
Can you tell what model this laptop keyboard is?
What are the instructions for cooking these chicken patties?
What kind of beer might this be?
What does the label say on this electronic component?
What is this picture about?
what is in this bag?
What is this please
Where can I find a shoe?
What brand of peanut butter is this?
What is this bill worth?
Hi, can you tell me what this captcha says?  I'm trying to figure out this captcha.  Can you tell me what it says on the screen?  Thank you.
I turned the jar over and I thought it was mayonnaise too but I'm still not sure. Can you read what the jar says? Thank you.
Can you read the label information please?
What number is on the CD?
What is this bottle, what is in this bottle?
What kind of can is this, thank you?
What flavor coffee is this?
What is on this k-ring? Please.
Whats this bottle?
Do these colors match or clash?
What's written on this shirt?
What is the expiry date on this cream?
What are the instructions for taking vitamin C?
Can you tell what type of soup this is?
What flavor of K-Cup is this, please? Thank you.
From left to right what are in each of these containers? Thank you.
What is the color of this mouse?
What are the, what are the two words in the box that are the captcha?
Can you tell what kind of dinner this is?
Which cereal is this?  Question mark.
whats in this envelope please thank you
Clouds look like rain clouds.
What is in this bottle ?
Can you identify the brand of this deodorant?
How much is the price?
About this one, thank you.
What is the fifth number?
What are the contents of this can?
What does this say? What does it look like?
What NASCAR driver is this?
Can you tell me what kind of dip is in this container please? Thank you.
What is the name of the magazine?
Is my light off?
What is in this can? That's what I would like to know, please.
What color is this shirt and can you hear me?
What brand is this radio?
What color are these pull outs?
What's in this packet?
Can you please tell me what this page number is?
Can you tell me what kind of vehicle this is?
This is the display of a treadmill, can you tell me this distance in miles please?
what product is in this bottle?
Has the bed been made?
What is visible in the sky
what cd is this?
This is a box of pudding mix, period. Can you tell me if it is chocolate or vanilla, and if it is sugar free?
Do you see anything like waterbugs or anything in this picture?
Can you tell me what this meat pack is? Thank you
What is the title of this album? Thank you.
Describe any patterns you see in the table
Describe my shirt please.
What color is this iPhone case?
What about this one?
What is the print?
Could someone please tell me what on earth this device is - I wish it didn't post this morning.
Is this real diet Dr. Pepper or some off brand?
what color is this shirt thanks.
How many visas?
what color are these ones
What's on this shirt? Thanks.
Could you tell me the sodium content of the food in this can?
Could you please tell me what the label says on this can?
What is the picture on this cup?
What is this bag of chips?
Is this lemon juice or lime juice, thank you.
What kind of Coffeemate is this?
What does the hand written label say?
OK, take four.  Looking at the back side, top for the expiration date.
Can you tell what pills are these?
What shirt is this and what color is it?
What color is the water bottle?
What is in this bag, thank you?
Que hora es?
what can bill is that
What is this and what is the creator of this product?
What color is this cloth bag?
Please tell me what this bottle is. Thank you.
What can good is this?
Please describe the pattern and color of this bag.
Can you see this dosage information?
what is the name of this lotion?
What is this, please? Thank you.
This is a very nice phone, I would like to buy one. What do you think about it? Is it a nice looking phone?
is this ibuprofin or tylenol
again what is this tin? however i do think this system is really quite fantastic because it did tell one thing for me if you can't tell it's certainly not your fault.
What does the temperature say on this thermostat?
Is this nuts?
Takes  little bit, but it will tell you what color that is. Oh, really? There's usually two.
What's in this, what's in this can?
Is this peanut or plain?
Who's in the kitchen?
Can you tell me what's in this tin please? I think it might be beans or tomatoes.
What is this stuff?
Camp sites S and G are on opposite sides of a lake. A survey crew made the measurements shown on the diagram. What is the distance between the two camp sites? The diagram is not a scale.
Hi what kind of designs are on this piece of furniture? Thank you.
What is this? What does it say?
What is in the package?
What brand camera is this?
The denomination of this bill.
can you tell me what my weight is please, thank you.
Can you please tell me what's on this label?
Body lotion or body wash.
whats on the screen
What shade of brown is this?
Hi. This is a washing machine. Can you help me out with the buttons and tell me what a couple of them are? Thank you.
What soap brand is this?
Does this match?
What kind of pizza rolls are these? I moved the camera a little farther this time.
Is it?
How much do the french fries cost?
What is this green shell? Thank you.
What was on the table?
Which time zone is selected?
What kind of menu is this shown on the television?
What is this snap?
Okay, I held the camera further away, lets see if that works. Thank you.
What are the usage instructions on this?
What is displayed on the screen?
What numbers do you see?
Could you tell me if there's an actual captcha code on the screen? And if there is, what does it say for the website?
Please read the contents of the box.
What color is this item and what colors go with it?
whats the name of the CD
How long do I leave it in the oven for?
Is this skirt black?
Can you describe this shirt, the picture, and what it says?
How much money is on this dollar bill as in is it a one dollar bill a five dollar bill? What kind of dollar bill is it?
What color is this piece of paper?
what temperature is it and what temperature is the thermostat showing?
Is my TV on and how big is my TV?
Can you please read what's on this label? Thank you.
What is this can of? Thank you very much for your time and help.
Can you tell from this side how many ounces this is?
What is the picture on this piece of paper?
What does the text on the top of the screen, as well as the two items in the menu say?
can you tell me what sort of car this is?
Can you read the steps and the time for this exerciser?
What's on the bottle please?
What color are these pants, I know they're either blue or beige.
Whats the name of that please.
Can you tell me if there is any mold on this side of this cheese?
What color is it, please?
What breed and what color is this dog?
Who is the author?
What color are my socks?
Can you tell me if this is a regular triple A battery from a cell phone?
Can you tell me what is on the case of this DVD?
Please can you read this? I must know it.
Is this sofa in this one?
there are any options visible on screen?
Does it look like I have worms in my stool? Get back to me.
What's on this document?
Hi, I'd like to know what is on this CD if somebody can help me. Thank you.
What book is this? Thanks.
This can.
Can you tell me what is on the other side of this box? In the photo I just sent you. Thank you.
What is this, thank you.
What is this fax?
What is in the picture? What is in the hand?
Hello on the back of this router there is a sticker with an admin password.  Please tell me the password, thank you very much.
What brand of allergy medicine is this please?
What does the first word of this say?
What color is the shoe?
Please tell me what you see in this video screen shot.
What is this place?
What is the exact name of this product?
Is this Excedrin?
What plant is this?
Can you please tell me what's on the screen? And if there's anything I need to interact with, which may include selecting an item, or inputting information. Thank you very much
What brand of baby wipes are in this box?
What specifically is on this card, and is it right side up or upside down?
Describe the photo.
What color is this fabric?
What kind of baby formula is this?
Can you tell me what this card is? If it's a baseball card, a football card, or what and who and the name on it, thank you.
Do you see any corn or black beans in this picture?
What kind of a can is this?
I know this is from Hormell, but I'm not entirely certain as to which of the Hormell products I  have it is. What is it?
What does the sky look like in this photo?
What color is this brela?
What color is this pen?
What's the color for the cc?
How much of the page in this photo cross is visible? Thank you.
Is there anything on the monitor?
Tell what's in the box of food. Thank you.
What does the package say?
Can you see this label to read it, let me know what kind of meat this is? Thank you.
What are the cooking instructions for these? Thank you.
Can you please tell me what the computer says within the workstation screen?  Thank you very much.
What am I looking at and does it glow in the dark?
Does the truck in this picture look like?
Yeah, I don't know if this got out there, but I was just wondering if anyone could read the title of this book, thank you.
What -- What does this look like?
What does the sign say?
Read that money.
Is Windows all the way up, or is something loading?
What kind of cigarettes are these, and are they bad for me?
Can you please tell me what color my shirt is?  THank you.
What kind of tea is that?
The top-middle of this screen should have time and distance. Can you read it to me, please? Thank you.
Could you please tell me what this bottle is?  Many thanks.
Is this give or cordon bleu?
what kind of chips are those?
Can you please what temperature is on the thermostat?
What is the brand of this television?
Flavor food is that please?
Can you identify this product?
What type of jello pudding is this?
Can you tell me the title and story on the front page of that magazine? Thank you.
Yes this is a Google Street View and I need as detailed a description as possible of the image. Thank you.
What color are these pants?  I didn't ask.
Could you please tell me what brand this is, and what color it is?
Who is this from?
What type of currency is this?
What does this say? What does this say? What does it say?
Ok here's the scanner receiver again I've changed to my desk with the window kind of off to the side and in front of the scanner hopefully it's a better lighting and a better background so I just need to know the key layout if you can do that it may be too much to ask
Whats in the water?
What is this package please? Thank you.
Can you tell me what type of tree this is?
What dog is in the picture?
Are you a volunteer?
What is the CD?
What temperature displayed on this thermostat? Thank you
Please describe this Sunday to me
Can you tell me what shade of pink this fabric is?
Can you please tell me if you see the headphones in the photo?
What time is this?
Can you tell me where the audio button is on this remote?
Could you tell me what this is please?
How long does this need to be heated for?
Let's try this again. I put this on a flat surface and there's light in here. What medicine is this?
What's this DVD?
I'm wondering if anyone is able to see directions or at least the name of this product, playdoh games product?
Please number and matters?
How are you doing?
WHAT me code? does this have an expiry date?
What channel is the TV on?
What are the colors int his sweater?
What are the buttons in order from left to right after the volume?
What kind of pop is this can?
What does this mug say?
Is a television?
Is this the headphones?
What brand is this lotion?
What is this package of?
Can you tell me what's on the screen?
What product is that?
What is the label on this can? Thank you very much.
What make are these sausages?
Okay, I got the tshirt and a vest. It's laying on a couch, I just want to find out what colors everything is, what the picture might be on..
What's going on on the computer screen?
What exactly is this design?
What do these two Kellogg boxes say?
Is this brownies or a cake?
Is this a can of
What's making this?
What fragrance is this?
What kind of dinner bowl is this?
Can you tell me what color of thread this is? It's not working.
what city is this?
The previous screen presented country, timezone, currency and keyboard and I went ahead and after I got a response from the web worker I selected Alt-N followed by next so I'm not sure if I
what color is the t-shirt
Can you please tell me again what you saw in the picture? My app crashed.
Dvd is this?
Can you please tell me if these are DVD's and if so, well, any information. I'd appreciate it. Thanks.
What are the usages instructions on this shampoo bottle?
Use this.
What's the year on this manuscript?
what kind of bottle is this please
What is link?
Can you tell me the sodium content level of the food that's in this can?
what type of mouse is this on the imac?
Did that help any?
What is in there?
Can you tell what brand of apple juice this is?
What is this box for?
So does this look good enough to eat?
What is the color of the shirt?
what color is my bag?
What am I? Where am I?
Where is this coffee mug from?
just wanted to let you guys know thank you for helping me with the cans thanks.
How much do I weigh?
Can you tell me what this scale says, thank you
What cleaning product is this?
Yeah, I just need to determine, for sure, the characters in this captcha. Thank You.
What is this product and what are the ingredients I need?
OK, I turned the can around a little bit. Can you tell me what's in the can? Thank you!
What type of hot chocolate is this?
I know these are Amy's pizzas, do you see the instructions on how to cook it in the oven?
What kind of milk is this
Can you please tell me what page number this is and whether it is right side up or upside down? Thank you.
Which color has this thing?
Is this used for washing floors?
What page number is visible?
Do my shoes match?
What kind of can is this? Is it pork and beans?
could you tell me please which ones are decaffeinated and which ones are caffeinated thank you.
What color is, what color is this skirt?
Can you tell what's on this paper?
okay let's try this look at my screen if you well and tell me what's the display there will probably be an error message but let me know thanks very much.
What is in this can
What color is this package? Thanks.
What is in that box?
What's the box?
tell what title this is?
When is a?
What does it say here?
where is the salt?
Please identify this bottle.
What is this package? Thank you.
Can you tell me what the buttons or anything says on this screen?
What is it? I did.
Is this san pellegrino water?
Is this brown or gray?
Is there a purpose to the blue tiles or are they just a design?
What's the name of this book
please tell me what's on the screen, thank you.
What color is this thing?
Is there any liters on this bottle to let me know how many liters?
What is the color of the glasses and the frame?
Where is the white cup?
What are the names of the buttons or selectors so I know what I am choosing?
What is the logo on this folder?
Read this text.
Do you know what this pill is?
Hello. I need to know what cooking instructions are for this pie. Thank you.
What deal is this?
When does this nose spray expire?
Is this pickling spice?
What logo is this question mark?
Sorry i didnt get the answers before, what does this baby jar say?
Where is the red car?
What do the instructions say on the bag?
What is this and what is it used for?
There are two bottles, what are they?
Is the text on this page inverted, and is there a text number visible?  Thank you.
What is the title of this cd?
what is on the screen?
where are we?
What page numbers displayed on this paper? Thank you.
What kind of paint is this?
Can you tell me what this bottle says?
This is progresso soup what is the flavor?
What is the title of the book?
What spices are these?
How about the power of this I see recorder? Thank you.
Name this button.
What does this say on the screen?
is there a picture of something
Could you please rate the contents?
Can you tell me what this scale says please?
What brand and what motor is this vacuum?
What is this for in particular?
what number is on  the digital display?
What is the Top Chef question?
What is on this wallet?
Does this have sugar?
What coke flavors are these buttons? I think the left one is mountain dew is that right?
Is this a laptop?
What is this box of cookies?
Please tell me the expiration date on this can? If not could you tell me how to put my camera so you can read it.
What Harry Potter book is this?
What setting do I have this dial set at?
What is color for the sink?
Can you please tell me if this thermostat is set to cool and what the readings are? Thank you.
Just a quick ID on this, please.
What is that bottle? Okay.
in this picture
What is the flavor of this coffee please?  Thank you.
Does this cap say anything? Does this cap have any label on it?
Is this garlic?
This can
I want to be in the boot menu and I'd like to know how I can move to the option to boot from a USB flash drive. Please give your best shot at telling me what's on the screen and if possible how I can move
Which Marie Callander's Dish is this, Chicken or Meat Loaf?
what is the name of this perfume?
Is the color of this guys feet?
There are two shirts in this picture hopefully, are they the same color?
What is in this food package?
Is there anything on the screen regarding a windows 8 install if so what is it, thanks.
Can we possible see the three digit code on this card? I need the security code. Thanks
can you please tell me what is says on the sticker? thanks
How much did the fish cost?
What color is these jeans please?
Que es esto?
Letters for numbers? Thank you.
Which button is selected?
What kind of bag is this?
What am I watching?
Regina Alvarado. I'm part of the clothing study. What is the color of this shirt?
What color are these pants? Thank you.
Please identify.
what is this item, please? Thanks you.
Could you tell me if you are able to see any text on this patch please?
What does the text on this screen say?
Hello could you please tell me what this says? Thank you.
What is the flavor of this meal?
Do you know what size this is?
What is the symbol on this wallet?
This model is plantronics what?
Okay is that better?  Is there an expiration date now?
Read these numbers for me please.  This is a captcha I can't read it.
what color are these pants?
what is the product in teh container in front of me?
Nine product. It's doing something.
What is the model of this heat set ?
what color is my computer?
What do the grey clouds in the sky look like?
what color is this shirt, thank you?
what's is this?
Hello, what is in this picture, I am blind and trying to help this app, see if it works.
The sky like in this picture?
This appliance is a Black
I want to know what brand of cologne this is.
Can you see anything about these articles of clothing that does not match?
What brand is this gum and what flavor is it?
Yes, I just need to know what the words in this captcha image are. There should be two words. Thank you.
What is this a picture of? Thank you.
What is the layout on this fridge?
Can you tell me what envelope this is?
This is the lanyard for my key chain period what does it say on it?
What kind of shirt is this? Is it Hollister, Abercrombie, or what kind is it?
What does the sky look like?
What is the name of this bottle of red wine
how much time is left on the dishwasher
What is the definition for jewish?
Can you tell me what the time is on the screen, and also if you can see any arrows that point to the type of baking instruction, like basic, or wheat, or any information that...
What kind of seasoning is this?
What color is this refrigerator?
What kind of tool is this, or what would this tool be used for?
I took a picture of a different bracelet this time. Could you tell me is this one black onyx or turquoise. Thank you.
What was that that I just took a picture of?
What is this bag? And what has the picture on?
Do the clouds look like they're storm clouds?
What vegetable is this?
What's on this shirt?
Hi, can you tell me what kind of Fanta this is?
Please describe this dog.
Just trying to see what is in this can, if it will show it.
What color is this ball?
What is this big chart?
Which color has it?
what kind of soft drink is this?
Can you see a brand name on here?
What type of magazine is this?
Is that
What is that computer screen showing?
What product is this? What kind of simmer sauce is this?
Thank you very much for all your help, great service.  Thank you.
Can you tell what kind of speaker that is?
Piece of meal.
Could you tell me the type of wine, the region, and the year on this label, and any other pertinent information?
Are both these the same shoe?
Please describe this label. Thank you.
So, what do you see in this bottle, my dear friend?
Is this battery?
Is my light on?
What's the date under?
What brand is this water bottle?
What color is the clock display?
What kind of popcorn is this?
Could you describe the artistic aspects of this for me?
What are the names of the songs on this CD?
Hi there can somebody please tell me what this is? Thanks.
Now is the label coming out on the bottle, so you can tell me what it is?
What kind of flower is this purple flower?
How much was that dollar bill?
What in the photo?
What is the answer for this equation
is this
So tell me what my date looks like.  I want to know if I don't know if she has nice titties.
how old am I?
Can you tell me what this is? Thank you.
Can you give me the amount on this check please? Thank you.
Is this a 2014 calendar?
what is this package?
Ok I turned it over, maybe I was showing you the wrong side, try this.
What is the taste of these candies?
What are the instructions on this bottle?
What type of tissues are these?
can you tell what's in this jar?
What's on these shells? Thank you.
What kind of software or program is this?
What T-shirt am I wearing?
Which flower is this?
Is this carpet clean?
I'd like to know if you can read the screen. Tell me what it says. Thanks.
What is my granddaughter wearing? The little girl.
Are these regular chips or salt and vinegar chips?
What is written on this label?
Please tell me what is this box?
This is a wood tool. It's called a shaper. Do you see the make and model number on this picture I sent? Thank you.
What year is this Pontiac?
i need to determine what the captcha code is in this button, thank you
What flavor snakpak is this?
This item.
It's red.
Who is this person?
What flavor are these mints?
What is that machine?
what's in this can please, thank you
One two three.
What is on this computer screen?
Does this picture show? In full description.
what page is this in the book?
I hope this label is facing correctly. Can you tell me what this jar is? And thank you.
What is the oven temperature now please?
What is this item number?
what type of tablets are these?
What is this card the queen of?
I was just served this at a restaurant and I'm wondering what it is because it tastes funny.
Where is my school uniform?
Hi, I'm wondering what this item is if you would be so good to help.  THank you.
Is my cat on the bed?
could you please tell me what color this cable is? Thank you.
What is that bark please?
What is my weight please?
Can you give me a description of this shirt?
Which beverage is contained in this bottle?
Please describe this picture.
What flavor sandwich?
What is the cooking instructions?
What kind of chapstick is this?
Is the dialog there now?
What drink can I make with this?
what color is this  hair clip?
where is this from and who is this for?
What color is this can and what does the logo say?
What's this in front of me?
What does it look like out here?
What's the name of the hypothesis which is being referred to on this page?
Where is the Yahoo! button on the remote control?
What size is my brass?
This is a headphone. Can you tell me if it says...if you see the left or the right side of the headphone? There should be an L that indicates that it's the left ear as opposed to the right ear. Thank you.
What is...What is this?
Can I take this? Is this too strong?
What kind of coffee is this? What kind of coffee is this?
Can you tell me what baseball card this is? And the team?  And the person's name? And, hopefully, a name and date? I can't tell...
What colors are in this sweater?
Please tell me what this washer is set to, thank you.
Hi could you please tell me what this box is? Thank you very much.
I need cooking instructions.  Cooking instructions.
How number?
Okay, I pulled the camera back a little further. Lets try again, thank you.
What kind of multi-tool is this?
What is the name of this story?
Is this some kind of bone?  Or a horn, by chance?
I got this dog food from the vet which cost me a bloody fortune. So could you please tell me what it's called so I can look it up online?
Label and file.
Are these my sunglasses or my reading glasses?
What flavor of snack pudding is this?
What kind of cologne is this please?
kind of wine is this?
Is it an iPad?
Si. Dime. Si, no se lo a llevado.
What type of TV is this?
There are two shirts. What is the color of the shirt on the left compared to the one on the right?
What is this creature?
Decaf or regular coffee?
Is this regular coffee with caffeine question mark
Good morning could you please tell me what is in the can in my right hand. Thanks for your assistance.
What kind of sauce is this, please?
Tell me the picture.
Please describe this picture to me?
What's in front of me?
What color urine is this?
What color are my jeans?
What is the product, in the bottle, in the picture?
Movie is the best.
What color is this shirt, and does it have any writing on it that you can tell?
Can you please tell me what this screen says, thank you
What does the bottle say?
Could it possibly be fish?
what's in the picture?
What is in this can of of? What what is in this can?
Is this for men or women?
Is there any dosage information in this picture?
Testing one,two,three
What am i looking at ?
who is in this box?
What animal is that?
Could you please tell me what color that is, thank you.
What is this box, and are there cooking instructions?
is there text on this side of the car?
What is on the bar code?
What letters do I enter in to win the prize?
Is there a button on the table? Is there a button on the table?
Is this my hand cleaner?
Does this here look okay, the bread, look okay?
Can you read the instructions, please?
What flavor is this bottle?
what is the name of the product in the box?
What is that tin?
What domination of bill is this?
Could you tell what brand of wine this is?
Why do I only have four fingers?
What is that box?
What did I just take?
Do you guys even listen to the questions?
What the fuck is this?
hi there, what type of candy bar is this? hopefully this picture's not too blurry. thank you
This electronics is what model?  Of electronics, what number?
What are the weights of all four boxes?
Can you please tell me what this is. Thanks
Anything visible on the screen?
What is the name of the water?
What type of bottle is that?
is the bracelet black and white?
Can you please describe this label?
Please tell me what I'm wearing.
Are there any number on this paper and if so what are they?
What is the flavor of this bag of noodles?
What kind of a edict?
Which one of these is pink?
What color is this skirt please?
Can you please tell me what store in front of me? thank you.
This dryer is still running. See if that's better. Can you tell me what the display says now?
Is this tasty?
What does this say on the front?
Where can I find this?
What kind of soda is that please?
What can be seen out my living room window?
Do I have to ho - oh. What is this?
What color is this shirt and what is the writing on the shirt?
what clothing is worn in this photo and how many people?
Can you tell me if this one is hot or mild as well? Thank you.
What is the dryer set on?
Can you tell me what number it is, thank you?
Can you tell me what kind of coke can this is? Thank you for your assistance.
what's in this capture?
I know this is a shoe, could you tell me what color it is, please? Thank you.
what flavor and make of coffee is this please?
What brand is this recorder?
what color are these shorts?
What's that? What is this?
What size are these diapers?
Is this catalyst or thermo plus?
Please can you tell me what the name of this DVD set is, thank you
What's in this package?
Can you tell me the name of this CD or DVD?
Can you tell me the name of the package or read the cooking instructions?
Thanks a lot.
Can you tell me what kind of speakers these are?
Tell me what type of burritos these are please.
What is the name of this singer?
What is on this shelf?
what does this bottle say
What kind of muffin is this?
Does the word balm, b a l m, appear on this bottle or this container of usher product?
is this item
What's this? What is this?
Is this red or white liquid?
This tshirt color and logo.
Is he fat?
I liked to find out the cooking instructions on this box please.
Is that chocolate?
Can you read this for me, please?
This is a shortwave radio and I need to know the frequency on this radio, so what is the number shown?
Hello, hello, this is Sam.  What's up with you?  Have a nice day, bye.
What is the name of this book? What is the name of this book?
What is that bell?
Just I know what's this photo
What kind of flower is this?
What type of muesli bars are these?
Can you read the make and model of the battery case?
What color is this hair brush?
Is this Pounds Sterling?
What color is this t-shirt? Does it also have a brand name?
Can you tell what product this is?
What does this say, what is this pamphlet about?
Tell me what can you see here in this picture please
Can you tell me what this can of vegetables is please?
Can you see if this is shampoo or what it is? If possible.
What is the camera pointing to?
Can you please tell me what the design of this wrapping paper is? Christmas, Easter, birthday, or whatever? Thank you.
How long do I cook these in the oven?
And what are your hours or do you work all night?
What is on this monitor?
Color of top, thank you.
This is a test and I'm actually taking a picture of my kitty Tigger and just want to see if I can get this on Facebook.
What is the flavor of this ice cream?
Can you tell us what the screen says?
Can you tell me the name and the number or just the name of the movie?
What is this photo of?
Is it a thumbs up or a thumbs down?
Who is this character?
Perfume name.
What is on that box?
What is the brand, and especially type of this supplement?
Who can read this for me?
What does the boy in the photo look like?
WHat is written on this label?
Identify. Can you see anything?
Say towards the top of this page.
Does that say?
What are these socks?
that should be better.  I just turned the bottle to see if it's diet or not.  I have to have diet, so hopefully this is diet.
Looking for the expiration date of this carton?
What kind of--What kind of pop is this?
Whoops, title.
I need to know what this box is.
Can you tell me what is in this can please?
Okay I turned it over. Can you tell me now what it is please? Thank you.
Alright, how about now? Are the instructions visible?
Do you see a number on this?
What color are the shoes?
Can you tell me what the expiration date is on this can? And if you can't read it, could you tell me how to guide my camera in order for you to read it, please?
What is the flavor for this Keurig Cup? Thank you.
Is there an expiration date?
Is this an OEM sticker?
What is this? I don't know, I have no idea and what time is it?
What is it, how many milligrams, and the count?
Okay, let's try this a second time. Can you tell me all the buttons on the crock pot and what they are left to right and up and down and also if
What kind of dog is he?
Do you see a bug? Thank you.
What is the expiration date on this?
Can you please describe this painting to me? Thanks.
Can you please tell me what the thermostat is set to?
What does the text say?
Record record
Can you read any of these numbers?
What is currently displayed on the screen?
Where to hide a dead body.
Enters this.
What's the title of this book, thank you.
What's the model number of this emulser?
Can you describe what that looks like?
Does it say on the front of this card?
what is this ?
Out of these eight disks, which one is Life is Beautiful?
Is there any writing on this drink bottle to let you know how many liters?
what kind of cookies are these
Can you tell me what card it is?
Can you tell what this says?
What does this maple say?
Can you identify it now, I hope? I have a very good idea what it is but, let's see.
Can you tell me what colors are on my shirt?
What's in the picture I just took?
What brand of baby wipes are these specifically?
What the colors of this shirt, and what does the logo say?
What is this cartoon a picture of?
What hair color does this person have?
What flavor TV dinner is this?
Can you tell me what this medicine is please?
Can you see what kind of perfume this is?
What color is my shirt and is that a Ohio State symbol?
what is the name or title of this book
What color is this towel?
What color is my tie?
Is this creamy or chunky peanut butter?
What is this a ten of?
There are four sets of five numbers on this ticket, can you read them for me?
What kind of soup is in this can?
If i zoom in can you try to read them or is it just too small?
i will send you some pictures can you tell me what setting is each picture on i would like to put it on heat
Whats in this photo?
what is the name of this vitamin? i think it is a vitamin, thanks.
What brand of microwave popcorn did I take a picture of?
would you be able to tell me the buttons across from left to right on this dishwasher?
What this is picture please.
I hope you can help me. This is a captcha code and I need to submit something and there is no audio button for me to hear the audio. I appreciate the help.
Can you the buttons on this machine, there are five, sorry four and if you can what are they?
Just testing.
How many lines does this have on it? How many lines does this have on it?
Could you describe what you see in this photo? I don't need a huge description but this is for a blind person, so I know nothing and some body sent me this.
What is this a picture of, please?
Could you tell me what this is? Thank you very much.
What is this? Just to test the app.
Can you tell me what the scale says? Thank you.
Can you tell what brand this is?
Can you tell me what flavor this is? Thank you.
What kind of pipe tobacco is in this can in front of me?
What does this microwave say now?
I need to know what color these shoelaces are please.
Please, I need to know what is the telephone number at this picture?  Thank you.
Is it possible to tell me how many milliliters in that can of Guinness?
What color is this hat and is there writing on it?
What meat is this?  Is it ham, or is it turkey?
What kind of keyboard is it?
Can you tell me, what is the scent of the scent of this spice spray?  Thank you.
how much does this weight?
What kind of phone is this that asks you to record a question but hasn't turned on yet?
What is this.
What kind of fruit is this? Thank you.
What is the dosage for this medicine?
Is this a plate of food?
I'm not sure if this is the purple one you were talking about, but it should be. I don't know what color it is, but is it possible for you to make out what it is?
Do you see an error on this mac login screen?
What is the name of this aftershave?
Is this a pepperoni pizza, pepperoni and sausage, supreme? What kind?
I'm standing on one foot.
Is there anything on the screen now that's telling me to perform a specific task?
What product is this? What product is this?
Is this my hand planter?
What's printed on this shirt?
Can you tell me what kind of card this is?
Can you see the cooking instructions, please?
Can you tell me if these are chicken, ham, I mean, chicken breasts, legs, or thighs?
What does this package say?
what kind of tea or coffee is this?
identify the content of this package I'm making it so i'll have my picture up there of the thing I took
Does this can say?
What numbers are displayed?
What buttons turn this oven off?
How about here? Is there a chess piece?
Yes good afternoon could you possible tell me what the contents of this jar is?
what kind of pattern is on my pants?
Hi could you please tell me whats in the box in my right hand? Thank you.
Can you tell me what kind of wood this is?
What is the name of this book?
What color is this sweat shirt?
What's this? What is it? What is it?
Can you please tell me what the label says is in this tub.
Can you please tell me which one the shampoo is?
Its money.
Ok recording a question.
Whats on my screen? Come on you guys! Whats on the screen?
What colors are in the pattern in this dress?
What product is this? Is it moisturizing lotion?
What is the crockpot setting?
What do you see on the windows boot up?
Tell me, what is this restaurant exactly?
I know this is fabric. It is sheet. But, could you tell me what color this is?
Can you tell me the cooking directions? What are the cooking directions?
Yeah I'd like to see if this is a pasta sauce, what kind, and how many ounces, if that's possible.
Record. Can you tell me what this is please?
Can you tell me what's on this card?
Can you please tell me what this says? Thank you.
what is this painting?
Read the cooking instructions on this. If you're not able to, please tell me how to adjust the camera. Thanks.
What kind of guitar is it?
What kind of soup was that?
What is this?  What's this marker?
What's the thermostat set to and what is the current temperature?
What does the display read?
What are the cooking instructions on this product?
Can you do what the semi useless upc databases have failed to do and identify this?
What color is this folder?
What does this food label say?
what kind of hot pocket?
Can you read the label and let me know if this is ground beef or sausage? Thank you.
What space is this?
How many keys does the keyboard have?
What kind of TV is this?
How much are these worth?
Yes I need to determine the word that is in this captcha image. Thank you.
What kind of can is this?
What's in this container?
What type of wipes are these, please?
Didn't work. What is it?
What multicolors are there in the shirt, is there yellow?
Can you tell what this can is? I'm looking for a can of spaghetti and meatballs and I was wondering if you might could tell me if this can was
Will you please identify this label?
What is this product and what color is it?
What is this beer?
What is this and what are the ingredients?
What is on the page?
Test Testing Testing
What is this wrapping paper?
This is the last one. Can you tell me what this picture is about? It's a different photo album. Thanks, I appreciate it.
I wonder what's in this jar.  I think it's jelly and I hope I took a better picture this time.  Thank you.
What are the labels in this row of buttons?
What does it say on the lid?
what is the name of this can please
What color is my floor?
What is the name or the title of this book?
What does a fortune cookie say?
What is on this can?
What species of dog is this?
Which one of these is the sugar bag?
Hi, my Mother was curious. What does a sighted person have to do to become involved with vizwiz? As far as being a web worker is concerned. Sorry, I know this isn't exactly what the app was made for, but, if could at least tell me I would really appreciate it.
What is this please? Thank you.
Please tell me what the label on this bottle says. Thank you.
WHAT IS THIS BOTTLE?
Screen showing.
What is in this bottle and what does the label say?
What does this hat say?
What kind of Pringles are these?
What color is this shirt? Thanks.
Is this decaf or flavored coffee? If it's flavored, which flavor is it?
Does the picture shown show air conditioning dials? If so, what does the air conditioning dials say on them?
this say?
Please tell me the temperature that this oven is set to. Thank you very much.
What kind of Mr Clean is this?
I tried turning the bottle. Can you read what is on the bottle? I'm trying to figure out what medicine it is.
Hello I am currently doing a podcast about this app to make business even more famous could you be so kind just tell me what I was just photographing to tell our listeners how this works thanks very much to get more information
To the web worker that said a cream tube. I know what it is. I don't know what kind of cream And, that's what I said, identify if you were able. If you can't see a logo or instructions, let me know. But, telling me that it's
Can you tell what this dialogue box says?
Can you read the brand, dosage information, or any other things about this bottle?
Good morning, is this a christmas earring?
What color are my nails?
Which flavor of yogurt is this please?
What is written on this shirt?
What product is in this can?
Can you tell me what that measures to? What the measurement is. Thanks.
What does the label in the photo say?
Is this on fan, air or dehumidifier?
How many pieces?
What color is my sock?
What kind of can is on the table?
This is display of a treadmill.  Can you tell me the distance in miles, please?
What color is this sweater? Thank you.
Where is the menu button?
Is it a window?
What color is my socks and is it wet?
What does it say on my receipt?
WHat is this jug?
Good morning. I just want to see what flavor dinner this way. Thank you.
Can you please tell me what is in this tube, I think it's hand cream but I'm not sure thank you.
What's inside my window?
Is there caffeine in there?
Shirt, and does it have stripes?
Could you tell what kind of fruit this is? Because I think it's a mango but I'm not sure, it looks like an apple.
What is this book's title?
What kind of cat food is this?
What kind of number is that on the frequency?
Does this shirt and pants go together?
What is this magazine called?
Could you see the order number on that necklace and bracelet or do i have to take the picture again?
Am I in the dark?
What's this business card say?
Can you please tell me when the complimentary massages are taking place? Thank you very much.
what color is this sweater?
Ok, I turned the package over.  Let's try again.  Thank you.
Name this
What color is this bathrobe?
What brand of batteries are these?
What do you see what do you see in this photo?
What is this food and what is the recipe?
I'm trying to use this new service. What is in this can?
This is jeans but i'm not sure what color it is.
Is that a paper?
What is y=2x 5-2x?
Could you tell me what model of Griffin transmitter this is please?
What's in this can?  What's in this can?
please tell me what this is a picture of?
Does this side have writing on it?
What kind of granola bar is this?
What is this Ready Meal package?
What kind of beans are these? Thank you.
What kind of car is this?
Which kind of soup is this?
What temperature is this oven? Thank you.
I'd like to have the expiration date that's on this drink. It's definitely there so if you don't see it maybe you can let me know some idea's for how to focus the camera so you might be able to see it. So expiration date on the apple juice thank you.
Can you read what's on that package?
What fabric is this and what color is it?
I took a picture of some gemstone earrings, holding them in my hand. Can you tell me if they are heart-shaped please? Thank you.
Hello. What is this t-shirt please?
What are the numbers in this image?
Does this tree look healthy?
What kind of honey is this?
what show is this?
Can you tell me how long this needs to be cooked for?
Audio book is this?
Is the image visible, and if it is what does it say on the box?
What page is this? Thank you.
Can you tell me what that is?
What does the text in this captcha image say?
What shape is this?
What is my blood pressure reading?
Please tell me what this notice says? Thank you.
We'll try the bottom for the expiration, for the yogurt.
Can you tell me what flavor water this is?
Is there a green light?
Is this shirt see through?
can you tell the name of this product if possible, please? thanks
What can of soup is this?
Can you tell me if this picture is black material or gray? Thank you.
Hello, can you please help me to describe what is on the picture?
Could you tell me what color this skirt is please? thank you.
Is this a DVD?
What are the cooking instructions on this package?
Could you tell me what type of box this is?
Participating in the pilot study.
Is this a bottle of shampoo, hair conditioner, or hand lotion?
What color and what shade of color is this phone case?
Can you tell me what the design is, what picture it is or if its a logo or something, thanks.
Is this a box of cookies?
Is there any writing on this paper?
Can you see what the driver's number is?
Name this perfume?
What are the cooking instructions for this item?
Nutter butter?
Can you see any text on this paper?
How much is this currency?
What brand of ice cream is this?
What does this say on The screen?
What's that?
What is the person doing?
What is this option? What is this? What is this?
these sticky notes.
I have absolutely no idea if I'm taking a proper picture. I know this is a box of Green Mountain Coffee, but I don't know what brand it is. Could you see if you could
Is the color of this shirt white? If not white, what is the color?
What kind of T.V. dinner is this? Hope it works this time.
Who is the fifth president and who is on the six dollar bill?
Are you able to see how much water to use?
This cheese have mold? Does this cheese have mold?
Hi, I'd like to know if this is an apricot or a strawberry yogurt? In German, either -- I'm not sure which one of those two it is.
What color is the rock?
What is, what is in this box?
I know what the medication is, I just need to know its milligrams.
Now what piece of beef did I take out of the freezer?
what type of canned food is this?
Please tell me what the label says. Thank you.
What is in this box of drinks?
Can you tell me what color this cloth is, please? Thank you.
What kind of head set is this?
Does this screen say anything?
Hi, please tell me what this is, it's some kind of frozen food.
What is on the pennant on the wall?  And tell me the colors.
I think this is either, is this either tapioca or chocolate pudding?
What kind of yogurt is this? thank you ad worker.
I found one more box. What kind of keurig coffee is this one please? Thank you.
What does the sweatshirt say?
Hi, thanks in advance. And sorry if this isn't focused I can take it again, Can you tell me what's in this bank?
Read this menu to me, please.
what is this poster?
What domination is this coin wrapper?
Hi, oh sorry, does this sweater go with the rest of the outfit and is it better, does it look better to wear it open, or closed, or partly closed?
What's this magazine?
Can you tell me what's in this can?
What page is this?  Thank you.
WHat does this say in the bottle?
Can you tell me how label information please? Thank you.
Do these beans look like black beans or pinto beans?
Okay. Now let's see if we can read the label on the left side here that will tell me what piece of meat this is. And I can do something about the lighting if I need to,  by the way. I'm in my garage. All I have to do  is open the door. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Is the box?
Hi, what's in the box please?
Anything on this label.
what page number is displayed on this page thank you
Is this shower gel?
what is this magazine
What is the title of this book? Thank you
What vocab words should I put in the blanks?
what kind of soup is this?
What is in this image?
What hours are they open?
What are the contents of this thing?
What is the name of this keyboard?
Is this diet or regular pepsi?
Does this have flowers or shells on it?
Salad dressing is this?
what color is my sweater?
Is this painting right-side up, or upside down? That's all I need to know. Thank you.
Yes I need to know the captcha image in this picture? Thank you.
What was that item?
What color is this dresser?
Wbat is this item?
What does this note say?
What flavor of cat food is this, please?
What can is this?
Hello. Hello. Please tell me is there anything on that TV screen? Thank you.
What is displayed on the computer screen?
Can you tell me the cooking instructions of this food, please?
I need help identifying exactly what this is.
What the name of this medicine. And for what used?
What color and any designs?
Please could you read the information displayed in this photo including the event and dates.
Hi.  Please tell me what's in the can in my right hand.  Thank you.
Hi what kind of can is this?
What is on this captcha, please?
Say your question, what kind of drink is it?
What is in that bowl?
Can you describe to me what you see outside?
Is this a toy car?
Is this computer actually on a state where it's still sorting itself out? And getting ready to boot? Or, is it already booted?
Do the clouds look like they're building up for a big storm?
What animal is this a picture of?
What is the
What is the expiration date of this bottle of sunscreen?
What kinda of soda is this?
Hi, could you tell me what color this pet holder for this copy machine is? Because on the bag it says it;s the purple one, but I don't think this one is purple.
What letters do I type in to claim the prize?
What is on the front of this item?  What is it?
Trying to find out what this label says.
Yeah. Why is that?
This is just a test to see if anythings actually being demonstrated in the image, and if so what it is.
What is this bottle?
What kind of pill is this?
Please tell me what's on my screen. Thank you thank you thank you. I have no speech, bless you wall for doing this.
Who's the artist?
For as far as you can see what does this say?
Can you tell what is in the can that I'm holding?
what color is the sun
Is this rice or is this couscous?
RECORD...WHAT IS THIS PICTURE OF?
Who is the publisher of this book?
What is the next size of this shirt?  It should be something like sixteen and a half or seventeen.
What does this say? Is it a Blu-Ray?
Alrighty, well hopefully that is a bit of a better picture. Guess we'll see. Yeah, looking forward to that photo correction tip, certainly will be helpful.
Okay this should do the trick.
What size is this?
Can you tell me what color these pants are?
Can you please fetch the information for this?
What color is the pepper?
Who is the driver or sponsor of this truck?
Is my Bose turned on?
Cooking directions.
Does the purple go with these capris?
The sky appeared to have any clouds in it, and if so what color are the clouds and what do they look like?
What does this key say on the paper? Hopefully you guys can see it right.
What time is it? If you can't read it can you please tell me what time it is? Just from your clock.
What kind of cigarettes are these?
Is it blue?
What is the basic information of this supplement? Thank you!
Can you tell me the flavor of this yogurt please?
Hey. I'm hoping in this picture you can tell if my washing machine cycle is set to normal or set to permanent press or towels or sanitize or some other cycle.
Is this Catalina free or Catalina classic?
is this cookie dough?
how much
Colors are in these flowers on this dress.
This is the display of a treadmill.  Can you tell me the distance off the top display please.
I know it says the Ten Commandments, but what are the Ten Commandments?
what kind of car is this ?
Could you give me serial number and my tag off of the bottom of my laptop here please? Thank you.
Can you please tell me what flavor this Gevalia coffee is? Thank you.
What's in this tin? Thanks for your help.
What is written on that screen?
Hi could you tell me what color you think these tiles are please? Thank you.
What kind of bars are these? What flavor?
Can you please tell me what type of chicken this is please?
Can you tell what I'm playing?
Is this person attractive?
Who makes this bag?
On the screen does it say it's restoring?
Can you please describe what's on this box to me?
What kind of crisps are these?
What time is on my phone?
What is the computer doing?
Hey, what text can you read on the page in this picture?
Is this wood?
How many pink lines do you see?
What color is this luggage and what color is the ribbon on the handle? Thank you.
This is flipped. Now what DVD is this?
What is in this label?
What is in this picture
What is on my cell?
Can you tell me what is in this bag or what type of bag this is?
What type of dog do you think this is?
What is the ISBN number for this book?
Any idea what's on the sofa supposed to be?
Could you tell me the expiration date on this can and if not could you tell me how to put my camera so you can read it
Can you read me the redemption code on this card?
Expiration date.
Please tell me what this carton is sized?
What this? What's this marker?
What is the name of this painting?
What number is the needle pointing to?
How much is this bill?
What color is? Oh.
Is this corn or sugar snap peas?
What is this? Thank you!
What language and subtitle information is on this dvd?
Is this shampoo or cream rinse?
Can you tell me what this is called?
What does this magazine say?
What brand is this?
Name what substance in the table that is in the gas state at 20 celcius?
What picture is on this pack and what does this card say?
What's in these cans?
Is there any print on this side of the bag that you can see? If so tell me what it says.
Is this valium?
What color is this Polo shirt?
I would like to know who makes these home style mashed potatoes.
Can you please tell me the temperature in which the thermostat is set to go off? Thank you very much.
What is the button on the top left say?
Help. My computer screen shows something. I don't know what it says. Can you please tell me what issue on this screen of this picture? Thank you.
What this is?
Can you please describe this label to me thank you?
Yes, I need to know what the captcha image is, thank you very much.
What is this box of?
How do I do? Are they even?
what tv dinner is this?
Is that better? What is the expiration date now?
this title.
Can you please read to me what is shown on this display?
Can you read and type the code here? Thanks.
What kind of sauce is this?
Can you help me find the sodium content in this can?
Thanks for all the help. Can you tell what this is now?
This is Captain America. Can you please read to me anything you see on the box? I know this is the foamy end, but you may be able to see some label.
What is in this match?
What is the name of the city?
What is the name on here?
The settings on my crock pot and which one is currently selected? Thanks.
Things on my crockpot and which setting is currently selected?
Hello could you tell me what this label says please?
Can you read money?
Is there a dog in this picture?
What is this nondescript object?
Can you tell me what is in this bottle?
My shirt say?
Is this ...
What color is the roof?
What this is? Thank you.
Is this coarse or fine sea salt?
What sort of baby food is this? Thank you very much.
Could you tell me what kind of coffee this is, please? The flavor?
Must be one less error, appreciate it, thanks.
What is the message on the Window's screen?
My crockpot settings and I'm looking to see which one is selected and to hear what all the settings are, starting from left to right. Thank you. Hope it works.
Is there a line on this page?
Can you tell if this has a plus or minus on it and is it light or dark?
WHat kind of Pizza ROlls on these?
What is that and what color is it?
What color is cot?
I'm still asking the same question. I still need this barcode.
What is the expiration date on this nose spray?
Could you tell me who this letter is from?
What is in this hand?
What does it say on the box for directions on how to make macaroni and cheese?
What color is this, and what is it?
What does this shirt look like?
Can you tell me what's in this box of frozen dinner?
What is the scent?
what about this box of curey coffee please? thanks.
What does the house look like next door to us? The one I took a picture of.
A very good morning to you and a very Merry Christmas also. I'd like you to tell me whether the top and the trousers I'm wearing match because I'm going for a Christmas dinner this afternoon and I want to make sure I'm presentable. Thank you very much.
Could you explain this picture in detail, if you can. Thank you.
Will you please read me the serial number? Thanks.
Please tell me what the display says.
What color is this chair?
What color is the tapestry?
Is the clock face visible?
what's on this list?
Is this Sharpie red, yellow or black?
What product is this?  What food product is this?
Is this Coke or Diet Coke?
Can you tell me what kind of beer this is, please?
What is in this bottle? Stop.
Can you tell me the layout of this cabinet?
What color and what is that?
What's the label on this box please?
Is this hot chocolate, if not what make and flavor coffee is it please?
What is the color of this braclet?
What are these bottles?
What food is that?
What kind of cigarette is this?
See in this photo.
Who's this letter from?
What flavor is this, please?
Yes, I need a summary of the information that is on the screen as text of a website.  Thank you.
Could you please tell me what type of medication this is? Thank you.
Can you tell what temperature I have this on?
How much money is this?
What color are these pants and what design's on them?
What color is my eyeball?
I hope it's better could you please tell me what's on the label now?
can you tell me what's on this shirt thanks.
What is this canned good please? Thank you.
Is it laptop?
What are the directions for this product?
What is this piece of paper appear to say?
What can you see from this view?
what is this please
What does it say on this shirt?
does this top and these pants look good together?
Hi and what does this shirt look like? Thanks.
Can you please tell me what's in this can?
Can you tell me the pin on the back of this router?
Which of the jacks is the audio connection?
what does it say
Hi, can somebody tell me what type of tea bags these are? Many thanks.
What flavor jam is this?
What is the name of the product in the can in the picture?
What are the labels of the buttons on this row?
Describe my shirt i'm having trouble taking a picture.
Hi can you tell me what kind of coffee this may be?
What color is this cover?
Hopefully I should now be in the boot device selection screen.  Once again, which device is highlighted now? Thank you so much for the help.  Really appreciate it.
What is this mail, where is it from?
What kind of crackers am I eating?
which flavors are these?
Can, can you tell me what this is? Thank you.
What is the capture image?
is this lowery salt?
This is a iPod touch.
Oh cool, oh its Thursday here so if you could tell me that one? Thanks.
What is this item? Thank you.
Can you tell me what the security capture is, please? Thank you.
Mild or hot sauce?
OK, can you tell me what this says marvel legends and what does it say after that?
What is shown on this label?
Could you tell me the sodium content of this can please?
Hello, please tell me the shampoo instructions.  I would like to know how to use this product.  Thank you.
I've got two kinds of cheese, american and cheddar. Which one is this?
It's not recording. What is this perfume? You don't double tap or anything? No.
What kind of Pop-tarts are these?
What is the color, suit, and value of this card?
What ?? is this?
Could you describe, at least to your abilities, the haircut on this page, and I'm taking about the after one, not the before one, thanks.
which one of these is coal
What kind of tree drops this? What kind of tree drops this?
What shirt is this? what does it say?
Whats this?
size is this?
What is this bag of food?
Color is that please.
What a noises !
What size clothing is this?
You see what scent this is?
Is this books?
What does it say on the back of this box?
What does the scale say this time? I hope it's on.
What is in this package?
How clear is the text, and how much of the page is visible?  Thank you.
Do these jeans appear to have blood stains on them?
What flavor of jellybeans are in this package?
Can you please read me the text that is appearing this screen please?
can you tell me please what this is?
What is this in the screen?
What's the title of this book?
I need to know what kind of build this is.
What kind of candy is that?
Please tell me what that is.
What color is this table? And describe it please.
How much milk and water do I add to my hamburger helper?
What color is this (inaudible) please?
Can you tell me how much i weigh please?
What kind of twelve pack of soda is this?
What shade of grey is this?
Can you tell the name of this perfume if possible, please, and the percentage left. Thanks.
I gotta know how to do this. So record a question, you're already, you're in the midst of recording that's why we screwed it up. That's what happened before that's why I went back. Because we were talking in stead of recording.
What is the sodium content of this package?
What kind of design is this sweater?
What gift card is this
Where is the food?
What is this thing that the iphone's looking at.  What can you really see?
When will this product expire?
is it back?
What does this wine label say?
What is that noise?
What color is this, please?  Thank you.
This is the last time, I have two different coffees. Can you just tell me what the name of this coffee is? I think it's tanzania but I'm not sure. Thanks and have a.
Do you think this shirt would go with these jeans, and if you could confirm the color of the shirt, please?
What denomination is that note, please?
Where are the whiteboard markers?
This is the display of a treadmill. Can you tell me the distance in miles please?
What brand is this dress shirt? Also, with the new BizWiz update, when I go from camera, it's on speaker, to when I go to audio to record a message, the speaker turns off and goes through the receiver. How can I fix this? Thank you.
Is it a door?
What is the layout of this room in this picture?
Can you tell the color of the eye shadow, please?
Hi, is this oven set to 375 degrees? Thank you.
What's the name of this medication?
What kind of climbing vine or plant is this?
Uh what kind of dinner is this, what brand and flavor? Thank you.
Where can I find others?
Who's at the table?
Is it light or dark in my room?
What does the t-shirt show?
What kind of wine is this and is this white or red wine?
What's the color for this computer?
What is at the window?
This is the display of a treadmill. Can you tell me the distance and miles please off the top display?
Does this say it's for cats or dogs?
What does this pregnancy test show?  Positive or negative?
which DVD is this?
Can you tell if this is a plus or a minus positive or negative?
What is this cheese?
What flavor of k-cup is this please?
Can you tell me what this is?  Thank you.
What is this item
Is this shampoo or conditioner?
What is this dial set to?
One more box. Could you please tell me what flavor this box is, please? Thank you.
Can you describe the photo outside the text?
What is the temperature on the thermostat?
Hi whats in here? What do you see? Thank you.
What kind of cartoon character is on this shirt?
Is the main color of this purse black or pink?
What kind of tv dinner is this?>
What color is this shoe?
what color is it?
Hey, tell me what this is.
What kind of beer is this, please?
Hello, could you tell me what can you see on this monitor screen please?
Is this beef dinner or breeders blend?  thanks.
What is the library card number?
Does this paper say anything about battery charger?
Hey there, I was just wondering what did i just take a picture of? I know it's some kind of action figure but what, what is it?
Is this a t-shirt?
I have a big wall.
Can I find out what kind of t.v. this is, please?
What color is this bag?
What is this and what is it's expiration date?
What favor is this please?
Do the clouds look like storm clouds?
Give me, give me number for this paper.
Type of coffee is this?
What kind of food is this?
Are you able to tell what this is?
Sorry about that. I did it wrong before. I'm trying to figure out how -- I mean what -- the shirt that I just sent the photo of, what would that go best with? Number one, what color is the shirt? Number two, would that go best with a gray suit or a blue suit? Sorry.
Can you see what's on this label please?
What shower gel is this please?
what temperature is the...
What is this tv dinner?
What is the expiry date on this product? What is the barcode .....
What type of can soda is this?
Where is my napkin?
Is this black?
Can you give me detail information of this laptop?
what type of drink is this please
Who is this? What kind of figure is this?  Thank you.
This is a monitor?
Whats on the fireplace?
What kind of picture is this?
How bright is it?
What is that building?
What color is the candle? What color what color is the candle? What color is the candle?
what is in the tin in my right hand
What does this look like?
What does this paper say on this box?
Is that please.
What does this say?  Thank you.
What type of modem is this?
Are these plain or chili cheese Fritos?
Excuse me, can you tell me what's inside this bag? I know it's Schwans, some kind of steaks or something, but I can't make it out.
What is in this packet?
What color... what color is this skirt?
What's on this cup?
How many fingers?
What is this and what flavor is it?
Is the name of this supplement showing and what is it?
This is the display of a treadmill. The distance is shown in miles.  Can you tell me what this distance is in miles, please?
Which invader is not correctly matched with his invasion?
What does it say in the shaded area?
Which timezone is selected in the timezone selection box?
What does this girl look like in detail?
what type of meal is this?
Is there a number on this paper?
What book is this? What's the book title? Thank you.
